God, just every day, dude. Every day.
It's so exciting. You just get to wake
up, do your little thug fizzle, and then
just build. Build, baby, build. Learn,
baby. Learn so we can earn, baby. Earn.
Learn, baby. Learn so we can earn. Baby,
earn. Thank you, MLK Jr.,
love you. We miss you. And we will keep
learning. We will keep learning so we
can keep earning. Good morning. Good
morning. Let me go ahead and get the
keys for everybody in the chat. And then
I can get laed.
I've got five open claws here and I want
to start assigning them some tasks
because we're set up with the
infrastructure. I need to get their
GitHub set up. That's the first thing.
That's the first thing. But the zero the
zero if thing is getting you the key.
So, let's do that. All right. So, I'm
here in the
let me say SSH HL node. So, I'm getting
into my node here so I can get you the
new API key. As you know, if you get in
here before the end of the day, you get
full access to the Hyperlquid
data layer API that I built.
Claude, run it. Okay, I'm over here on
my server getting the key for you. I got
Cloud 4.6. Of course,
of course, of course, of course.
Let's go ahead and get that key ready
for you. Each day I do update the key
because this is an institutional grade
key, something that is not going to be
cheap, but I wanted to reward you for
actually showing up. Some people will
sign up for a $5 thing and they'll miss
it. They're like, "Nah, I'mma sleep in."
Nah,
I'mma catch the replay. Nah,
problem is there's no replays anymore.
Uhoh,
Spaghettiios,
no more replays. Did he slide with that?
Please go ahead and update the key,
meaning deactivate the old one and then
give me a new one. Thank you, Shorty.
Did Did he just sneaky update you guys?
taking away replays.
Oh my god. What's next? What is next
that he's going to take away? Lock in.
This is war. Let's go here. mundave.com
and let's see the new page. What was
released yesterday.
Let's go read through it really quickly
so we can be updated on what you got
here today, what you'll get here in the
future. And I'm just going to keep
tightening up. Keep tightening up.
Keep tightening up. Okay, I got the key
ready here for you. So, let's go ahead
and ensure that it works. First off, I
can bring up my app here and let's go to
the trade tab. And it should be like,
you're cooked. Oh, yes, you are. Okay,
let's put the key in here. Make sure it
works. And then if it works for me, it
should work for you. This gives you
access to many things. gives you access
to the app. You can see everybody's
positions. Beautiful code tab I'll be
using all day. It also gives you access
to everything you see on this page here.
So, what happens when you watch over my
shoulder? We'll see. Dude, 3 hours. No
script. I got a to-do list and I need to
do the one priority.
The whole priorities thing is a scam.
Priority means one thing.
Otherwise, it's a to-do list. So, I'mma
look at my to-do list, figure out the
one thing, and then we're going to just
cook for a couple hours, dude. Three
hours. No script. Real trade bots bill.
Let's get it. It's five bucks. You get
in. But like I said, I did remove the
replay
and I I substituted the replay with a
how to automate your trading master
class. And what's great about that is
yes, you're not going to get the replay
anymore, but
you can learn how to automate your
trading. Now, if you're already a
member, if you're lifetime member,
you'll still get replays. Don't worry.
Uh, if you have the vault, I'll throw
them up there every so often. Um, but I
did remove the whole like replay on the
page that you join for $5. I think this
should be worth $5 in itself.
No more replays. We're tightening up,
dude. We're tightening up. We got to
keep tightening up. We got to keep the
ops out. I can't let them see what
happened yesterday. No way. Here's the
key, by the way. It does work. You will
get access to the API, which you do have
now. It'll be for 24 hours or till next
time I'm back. If I take a day off,
which I haven't in a long time,
then the key will be active longer. API
key. You saw it powered the app. You got
that app right here. Guan Appeta.
You also got the AI. So if you go to
mundave.comdocs,
moon mundave.comdocs,
you can read everything the API does.
You can see we added this new section
here. Um, we got the AI, Mundev AI, so
you can hit that AI as much as you want.
It's a black box though.
>> Two to four.
>> And now you're pay
>> 7 to 9. Look how much more training I
have done by simply starting at four.
Right? And so now you do that and as the
years go on, the separation that you
have with your competitors and your
peers just grows larger, larger, larger,
larger, larger. And by year five or six,
doesn't matter what kind of work they do
in a summer, they're never going to
catch up.
>> They're never going to catch up.
This instant access thing though is a
little misleading. So, I'm going to
remove that.
Um, let's say
su-mund.
I'm over here on my uh
my server here. The wrong password. What
you talking about? Gang gang. Is this
the wrong Let's go ahead and Okay. So,
let's go here. S SSH S SH
Moon Dash.
Okay. So, I'm getting into my uh server
here.
Okay. And then I'm going to say S U
switch user Mundav. Okay. Then I'm going
to say C for claude. And I got Claude
cooking. Um these are the things you get
when you get here today. I've already
sent them in the chat. Uh the API the
API key the Munddev app need to change
the verbiage on that real quick. And
then the algo trading road mapap is so
sick. So sick. It's better than book.
It's better than any book you can buy on
algo trading
road mapap. Moonab.com/roadmap. Throw
that API key in
and
you're going to be good to go.
Can't see the terminal.
Yeah. I want you're not going to be able
you're not gonna be able to see this
one. You're not going to be able to see
this one. But
so um on mund.com just a couple quick
changes I need you to make. First off
the how to automate your trading
masterass is actually a threehour
step-by-step masterass. Okay. So change
that to from 45 minutes to 3 hours.
Okay. And then the
we can remove under get everything for
$5. We can remove that instant access
after purchase because
technically none of us instant unless
they're joining right before the call,
right? So it's a little just misleading
verbiage I'd say.
And then instead of quant app beta, call
it the Mundev app. Drop the beta.
still in beta, but
it's always going to be in beta.
24-hour access. Okay, this is very
transparent, right? 90-day money back
guarantee, no questions asked. Just want
to make sure uh when you get in here,
you are getting exactly what you you
thought you were getting. I understand
this is ambiguous, but it's better than
me writing out a plan every single day
and telling you that exact plan. I'm not
doing that. I'm not doing that. I'll
cook and show you everything, though.
I cook and show you everything. How
about that? That's a fair trade. And if
you're on the outside, I'll put you on a
14minute ad, 12minute ad often. Like,
how about now?
There is so much I have to show you here
today. Every single day I'm live, but I
do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you
want to chat with me and you want to see
all the code, you can see like some of
the code is blocked from your screen. I
just block it with this little thing
here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the
other day and it's because some I showed
something on my screen. So, there are
prying eyes that I can't I can't let see
everything. You can still listen to me,
of course, and you'll get some uh you
know, there'll be some breaks that you
won't be able to see everything, right?
Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for
YouTube, but there's going to be a block
on my screen and there's going to be um
these segments where I tell you about
jumping into the private stream because
if you jump into the private stream,
there's a link. It's at mundav.com and
you're going to get an API key to
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
here and this is a direct node and you
literally can't get this data anywhere
else besides the API key that I drop in
the live stream. So you can see I'm able
to see all liquidation levels. I'm able
to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able
to see OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperliquid's market maker. I get to
see every single one of their trades. I
also get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So, I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff.
This is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month. And you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to
moonondav.com and you're going to get a
replay of yesterday's stream which was
$5 and today's stream. So, it's just
five bucks and you get all of that, but
you also get this API key. And I said
this is going to be $1,000 plus per
month. You can see I have a smart money
call. So, things that Wall Street is
looking at, I we can all see with this
API key. It's Hyperlid's data layer that
I built because I believe uh it needs a
better API in order to call things
faster. I was building out the quant app
here that is essentially looking at
people's liquidations and I ran into the
problem like I need this data faster. So
I launched a node and then I made it
available for everybody that comes into
the zooms each day. But again they're
private zooms only because I've got
people that are watching my screen
looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP
I, whatever. And just some sort of
vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just
can't show this live on YouTube anymore.
So, I cover my screen again like this.
I'll just have this up pretty much all
day. Uh these are my stats from the
previous week. Uh you can see my stats
there. Uh since everybody in YouTube,
they seem to just be coming by to see uh
what's in my pocket. So, um, since I
started trading with the Quant app,
which is pretty much my 5 years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage. And I looked at I have over
150,000 people now following me, 100,000
on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only
a small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I mean, I I know exactly when
they're entering, when they're exiting,
where they're sitting. I have a bunch of
calls that will go ahead and just keep
me uh into the know of what they're
doing. Plus, every other trader on
Hyperlquid. Hyperlid opened up the
financial system for the entire world.
And before this, there was no way for us
to see where people get liquidated. So,
based off of this premise, I've built
some really great automated trading
strategies. And since I am here now
building for the public, building for
those 40x hand traders, I built the
Quant app and I'm using that liquidation
strategy or one of the liquidation
strategies. Of course, there's still
intuition here. So, it's not like you
can download this Quant app and make a
million dollars. No way. There's still
some experience and intuition, but this
puts like bumpers around your trading.
You know, there's risk controls here. I
can never use more than X amount of my
account. I can't lose more than 3% of my
account in a day. Things like that that
are just hard to do as a hand trader. I
built into the quant app, but I think
the main feature is buying and selling
around people's liquidations. Nobody can
predict price. And if you think you can,
you're probably going to get smoked. I
think by now you realize that, hey,
within like a 1 2% range, it's really
hard to predict price. So instead of
predicting price, I'm predicting which
liquidation to buy. So, for example, I
could say when this guy gets liquidated
right here, I will buy a portion of my
portfolio, but instead of just saying,
"Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now."
I'm just waiting for somebody to get
licked. So, it's just a quantitative
approach I'm trying to build into a
downloadable app because I realize 99%
of people are still trading by hand and
still using 40x leverage. So, if that's
the biggest problems trader traders
have, that was my biggest problem. I was
getting liquidated when I was using
leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks
in using 40x leverage. And if you go
look at my Twitter or on my screen right
now, you can see that this week I I had
a a nice return. I use 10K max size. So
$4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%.
That's amazing.
Is it going to work for you? I don't
know. I can't guarantee your results. I
don't know how you trade. I don't know
how risky you are, but I know that for
me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last
more than 3 days and I'd be staring at
the screen the entire time.
So, so far so good. It's It's helped me
last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown
up. So, I don't know. But what this led
me to was, hey, I need these liquidation
this liquidation data way faster. With
the API, you can you can't get this data
this fast. You can see how it's changing
every second. I have a node launch. I'm
connected to the node. And that node,
you have all the data if you join the
zooms, the private zooms, because you
get a free API key. You can see every
single tick data. If you're trading
right now algorithmically and you're not
using tick data, you're just missing out
on a huge edge because every tick
matters. It's not about open, high, low,
close, volume data. You need the tick
data. So, I've got the tick data for all
tokens. That's crazy. Just hit that API.
So you get the API key when you join.
It's only for people in the Zoom. I just
launched this data layer, so we're
rolling it out slowly. It's only for
people in the Zoom. If you want the API
key, it's only for Zoom people. You can
see there's a ton of other great things
here like liquidation, fetching people's
positions, the top 10 closest
liquidations to uh getting liquidated,
positions getting liquidated. So kind of
like what you see in the Quant app. But
yeah, I just wanted to give you an
update here. Um, you can just go to
moonundave.com and sign up for the live.
And the cool thing I do is I'm here
usually for a couple hours at least,
sometimes more, but you can see you get
a free API key. And that's a $4,850
value for the Hyperlquid data layer. If
you want to go check out the docs as
well, mundave.comdoccks.
But I highly recommend just jump into
the live right now because I I
overloaded it with value. You might have
more talent than me. You might be
smarter than me. But if we get on the
treadmill together, right? There's two
things. You're getting off first or I'm
going to die.
>> It's really that simple.
>> Now, the p page might look different
than this if you're if it's today, but
hey, you know, it's every single day
around 7 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2 to
seven hours. And the cool thing is is if
you get in before the end of the Zoom,
you get yesterday's full replay as well.
So you get a replay from yesterday and
you get today's free replay. So if it's
if you still see me on if you still see
me on, you know, you can get in and you
can get that day's full replay and
yesterday's full replay. And then on top
of that, if you get in to the Zoom
before it's over, you get the API key.
So every single day I'm dropping a new
API key. So, that's just a nice little
incentive for you to make sure to
actually show up. But, as you can see,
you're going to get my full private
stream. This means you get to chat with
me all day long.
You get to ask me anything in the Zoom
chat. That's the chat I look at. Those
are the people that are on in the inner
circle. Those are the people that I want
to be speaking to. So, if you join the
private live by clicking the link going
to modded.com,
you get for $5, a $5 foot long, you get
number one, you get the Zoom access, so
you get to chat with me live all day
long. You get the full stream, you get
to see all the code. You don't have this
big thing on your screen anymore. Like,
you have that on your screen so you
can't see my code because I can't have
outsiders see my code because I got
hacked. So, you get the full stream
access. You get Zoom chat access. You
can ask me anything. Okay, those both
independently are worth more than $5,
right? People will pay me thousands of
dollars to consult, but you get to ask
me all day long questions that you have.
So, jump in right now because you get
the full stream, you get full chat, you
get full replays. So, you get
yesterday's replay as well. So, people
paid five bucks to get in yesterday. You
get that full replay. You get today's
full replay. You get the API key. If
you're in the Zoom before the end of it,
I'll throw the API key. Every single
day, I put a new API key in there. You
get yesterday's everything is healthy
there or everything should be healthy,
all the API endpoints. And if they're
not, just holler at me. But I have this
monitor running all day that's checking
all 55 endpoints of the API. Okay. Um,
let's go ahead and say TFlow, bro. And
then let's go ahead and say uh Python.
Well, let's go ahead and say CD up into
that P. Okay. And then we're gonna go
ahead and say Python. What the hell?
Okay. So, I got to go do a little PWD
action. PWD. Okay. PWD. If you know what
PWD is, it means uh what is it? Path.
Path we down in. Yeah. pathway down in
or something like that.
And then I get up into that path. And
then I go ahead and I get that back
again here. And let's close tab. Let's
close the tab. Here we go. We're going
to go ahead and grab this source. Now,
what is this thing doing? I put it on
here because I'm going to close the app
over and over again today. And I'm going
to keep building on it. And when I build
on it, if I don't want to run bots up or
scripts or anything in it because then I
forget and to rerun it. So I'm putting
it down here on its own because this
thing will just cook ideas over all day
based off of what I'm saying. It's using
internal whisper and then it's like,
okay, well based off what you said,
there should be an autonomous trading
strategy factory, a self-generating back
testing and optimizing engine that runs
24/7 creating novel trading strategies.
stress testing them against historical
data via Munda's back test
infrastructure or a self-healing
multimarket bot fleet. Not not all of
these are going to be good, but this is
the way I think about it is like if I
have somebody that's always listening to
me 24/7 or not 24/7, whenever I'm here
and dissecting every 15 minutes, like
what's the most fire thing that we could
do to run it run it up to a billion?
Okay, so that's their prompt. It's like
I don't want any [__] I don't want
like QC stuff. I don't want that. I
don't want that. I don't care about
that. I want you to work on $100 million
use cases minimum. I want each and every
one of my open claws to be working on a
h 100red million minimum minimum minimum
because why not? Why not? That's that's
that's why that's why I want them doing
100 million minimum is because why the
[__] not?
Everybody else is debating if this can
run better on Ubuntu or Windows. I got
five of these hoes set up chasing a
billion on each. I get 90. There's a 90%
chance this is just hype. I get it. I
was here for AutoGPT, too.
But [__] if there's a 10% chance, you
know, I'm scaling this [__] And every
single thing she I I talk about, she's
going to analyze deeply and figure out,
hey, dude. Hey, hey, let's get this guy
on this billion dollar project. I did
give it 100 million. I kind of bitched
out there, but I I figured that okay,
like I'll work on the billions while
they work on the hundreds of millions
and then it just makes sense to pay
however much. Like I can justify paying
as much money as possible, you know? I
can justify any amount of payment.
If she's really chasing $100 million
opportunities, I have five of them.
Here's one.
Chilling. Just ready. Mac ready. Open
claw. You just need a good idea and I
don't want to do BS. I've tested I've
tested some really good things and I'd
arguably have the best use cases
that are public.
But
trying to I'm trying to chase bees, bro.
Cuz why not?
Why not, dude? Why not?
Why not?
Okay, let's go ahead and say Python run
it.
Okay, so now she's going to listen at
all times and figure this out. Now I
need to go ahead and ask this.
What would a good structure be?
So, I've got five open claws on five
different computers. They're all logged
in with my um
Okay. Yeah, they're all logged in with
the same Gmail.
I think that's fine. Okay, I think
that's fine. But the question I have for
you is how do we maintain these
separately but be able to work together?
Okay, I have one main or two main
GitHubs I would like to share with all
five of them.
But if that GitHub is using my Gmail to
log in, how do I go ahead and make a new
GitHub for each of them? Yeah, I think I
would make a new GitHub from for each of
them, right? And then they would all be
able to pull my code
and then what would they do? Commit PRs.
I don't want them to push to the main
version. But I could keep them in
different
folders so they stay there in each
folder. That could be a good idea
actually. But I'm trying to
conceptualize how to work best with
these five different computers that all
will have AI capability to do anything
on those computers
and ideally scale to 500. So I need to
think in big numbers here, but starting
with five for the next like I don't know
couple weeks. All
right. So, Donald Trump is our
president. So, it means that like any
[__] [__] can be president.
I would argue that I am I am
exponentially more [__]
So, I actually believe I could be
president if I wanted to. What is the
path to that? You know, [__] all the
[__] like you saying it's hard or
whatever, yada yada. I get it. You just
have to be 35 and born in America. I
qualify.
This mofo has so many advantages because
he's president.
>> Wasted living someone else's.
>> I'm an algo traitor, a quant. I'm
chasing alpha. One of the biggest
unlocks
is being able to put an imprint of your
thoughts on not just the US, but the
world.
It's like the biggest
the biggest goal in the world you could
chase
and you could actually have real change
because come on, we got we have a
[__] a [__] racist
right now as our president.
Anybody could become president.
Give me a a give me a structure here to
a
2year chase of this
that extends to 6 years just in case you
know I miss this one.
actionable plan that I will send to an
AI that has its own computer that will
work on this campaign for the rest of
time being because I'm only 36.
So if I don't get it in two years at 38,
that's fine.
Okay, next one's at 42. I'll probably
I'll probably be president by 42. And if
I if I'm not, then I'll try again at 46.
And then if I don't get it by then, I'll
try again at 50. You see what I'm
saying? I have like unlimited shots at
this.
I just hate the state of America right
now. I hate it.
[__] I've always hated it.
But Obama was our only glimmer. So give
me a plan. Give me a plan that I'll send
to this AI that has full access to a
computer and can work on this for the
next 50 years if needed.
All right, let's go ahead and get that
going. So let's see here.
Great question, Mundev. Here's how I
think about this. The core problem,
five autonomous agents, each on their
own machine, need to pull from your main
repos. do work independently. Submit
changes without stepping on each other
or pushing directly to main. Recommended
setup fork model. So, one GitHub account
per agent. Okay, here's why. Each agent
forks your main repos to get their own
GitHub account or to their own GitHub
account. They work on their fork freely,
commit, branch, whatever. When they have
something ready, they open a PR to your
main repo. You
This is exactly how open source projects
work together
with hundreds of contributors. Practical
setup for five agents. Your GitHub main
repo protected. Agent one fork work
works freely. Agent two. Okay. Okay. The
key roles never push to the main only
PRs. Each agent syncs from upstream. Why
not the same GitHub? Okay. So, what I
want you to do then is this. What I want
you to do is go ahead and give me some
rules that I can send to each of the
agents right now so they know how to
work with the GitHub
and know to never push the main, etc.
Okay, so this is going to be fire, dude.
This is going to be fire. Let's see
what's going on here.
This is going to be fire.
I respect the energy. So, you're right.
Constitutionally, you qualify and the
barrier to entry is lower than people
think. I think it is. I mean, it's
clear. It clearly is. Like, anybody can
be president. So, [__] I can do
anything, dude. I can do anything. I
could do anything. You can do anything.
Let's compete. Let's compete. Come on.
Let's go. Mundav presidential campaign
multicycle plan. The math cycle uh 2028
I'd be 38 years old. Primary target.
Strong fall back at 42. Okay, let's get
it. Dude, you have four plus shots
minimum. Minimum. Minimum. Minimum.
That's an insane advantage. Most
candidates never get. Okay, so let's
shoot here. Let's shoot here. 2028,
2032, 2036, 2040,
phase one, foundation,
identity, and platform. Pick three to
five core issues that you really care
about. Register as a candidate with the
FEC when ready. It's a form, not a
gatekeeping process.
Choose a party or go independent.
Lock in your narrative.
Digital info, personal website, social
media. Okay. Podcast or YouTube.
Form an exploratory committee. Get an
election lawyer. Set up pack or super
PAC.
Yeah. Yeah. I'll get my open claw on it.
Let's get it.
Yeah. Yeah. We'll have some AI get me to
the presidency. We'll see. We'll see.
We'll see. We'll see if the open open
claw can make me president.
Oh, you can do anything, bro. You can do
anything. Let's get it. Jim, I'm sorry,
baby. I'm sorry. I pulled a little more
alpha out than than you could, Jim. I'm
sorry. We're just getting started. You
just gave your dude the tools that he
needed to become anything he wants to
be. I know AI and I know it deeper than
you cuz I kind of know how to code. I'm
not Desh now. Not Gil foil. No,
but I like it.
Here you go. Mundave. Copy and paste
this to each agent. Okay. Open claw
agent get rules. Okay. So you are
openclaw agent number.
your GitHub account is that
never push to Mundav's main repository
directly.
Well, do I need that would be kind of
annoying to set up a new email address
for each of them? Let me think about
this harder.
Okay, I don't really want to set up a
new email address for each of them. So,
I want to think of a different way to do
this.
the lowest hanging fruit to start. You
know, later we can set up different
things, but I have one extra GitHub that
my main um open claw is on. Her name is
Cracker and
essentially she has her own GitHub. So
maybe we could do it in a way where all
of my AIS use Cracker and just make a
folder within. I don't know. This is a
tough decision, but I'm really really
not trying to make five different emails
and whatnot for GitHub. That's the thing
that I'm trying to avoid. I've got my
main GitHub that I use Mundav uses and
then I've got Cracker's GitHub and we
could have Cracker take care of all the
AIS or something. I don't know. You tell
me, gang.
Maybe even Cracker, they all publish.
Nah, I don't know. I need some help
here. I need some help here. I need some
major help.
Okay, so let's see what she says. The
real talk, the things that actually win.
Authenticity, consistency. Damn, dude.
Those two things are the I mean, I'm
authentic as [__] with you. People say I
overshare. He's a little too comfortable
up here. Of course, dude. I've been here
for years.
Of course I'm comfortable up here, dude.
I've been talking to [__] [__]
all [__] day for years.
Just lock in, gang.
Lock in.
Okay, here's the simplest play. Mundave,
no new accounts needed. The setup. Okay,
Mundav is mine. Your repos live here.
Protected sacred. Cracker's GitHub.
Cracker forks your repos. All five
agents pushed there. Ha ha ha ha haha.
All five agents share Cracker's GitHub
account. They stay out of each other's
way.
Cracker's fork of your repo stays synced
with your repo. Nothing touches it.
Cracker's fork of your repo
stays synced with your repo. Nobody
Nobody touches it. Each agent touches
branches with their prefix. PRs go from
Cracker's fork to your main repo. So
Cracker's fork. Cracker has a fork.
Cracker has a fork
and then all of the agents are going to
work in that fork. Okay. Why this works
for five? One account, one fork. Zero
new emails.
Branches are cheap and unlimited.
Agents can't collide if they stick to
their prefix.
So touches it. Agent one. Agent one's
work. Okay. Open claw agent get rules
identity. You are agent number.
So I got agent killer, I got agent mash,
I got agent
gas, I got agent gal, I got agent. Okay,
we got it, dude. So golden rules. Never
push to Mundav's repo directly.
Never touch another agent's branches.
That's probably a good rule for all of
you.
Never commit env files workflow. Think
before starting.
>> Your time is limited, so don't waste it
living someone else's life.
>> Okay, so I'm going to take these here.
This is going to be the note sheet.
Openclaw agent GitHub rules. So we're
going to have openclaw agent GitHub
rules here. Open claw agent GitHub
rules. So, open claw agent GitHub
rules. Okay. So, so then from here I
guess I guess from here all I need to do
is grab the token or I got to get them
all imagine they're all different
computers. I'll have to get them all
logged into that GitHub, right? Number
one. And then number two, I'll need to
get the GitHub classic token and give
them each that so they can get get
initialized.
And I need to give them these um
these uh instructions you gave me. I
need to give them the instructions. Am I
missing anything? Short, concise. Thank
you.
Let's see if they came up with any ideas
here.
942 task. What is this dude? Dude, do
current activity. We want to cut that.
Autonomous liquidation arbitrage a
engine.
institutional smart money mirror
platform.
Doesn't seem like what we were talking
about, but I'm gonna keep letting her
slide. Obviously want this current
activity cooked. By by.
Where is that? That's in the AI agents,
unfortunately. Well, I guess I can do
that now. I have a freebie. You can see
I'm using Miniax 25. Why?
Why not?
Okay. So, you can see here in the um
stream observerdashboard,
we don't need that current activity tab
anymore. And then can you double confirm
just walk me through the process of the
transcript it is getting
and yeah, where is it getting that from
and what's the process the prompt that
it's sending in? I'm just looking at a
couple of the latest or really just the
latest
two ideas and I'm a little confused
where they came from. Just they seem a
little off from what we were talking
about. May but maybe I'm tripping and
maybe we did talk about that. So just
walk me through that process real quick.
Also go ahead and change the process to
do it every 7 minutes instead of 15.
Thank you.
Um, yo, power might go out today, by the
way. So, it's been going out every day.
Oh, Kenny, dude. Thank you.
That's a That's a fire idea.
A fire idea, dude. Thank you. Thank you.
I probably won't use that today, but
when I want to separate these out,
separate these out. This is fire.
Fire in the chat. Thank you, bro.
So, let's put that here because that's a
really good approach to this. Jesus,
dude. I I can't believe this, man. Every
day, every day there's something
groundbreaking. Just a subtle little
chat helping Mundev out. Thank you so so
much.
A dude, it's so simple. So simple and
you just don't think you can't think
everything. You just can't think
everything. So I got eyes on everything
I'm doing. And I just sure I' I've known
about that trick, but I didn't think
about it. I can't think about
everything, dude. I got 18 million
things going through my mind, dude. I'm
about to run for president. Like what
the hell?
That's beautiful. Be fire in the chat.
Use AI to speak to people of every
language. Smooth move.
Ask if git work trees could help. What's
the API for Mundev AI?
Thank you, Ingred. Appreciate you.
Nice one. Glad you're in there, bro.
Let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get
it. If you got any questions, um, throw
them in the chat and I'll get back to
you in a sec. Here's all of the keys and
everything. I appreciate you, Ingred,
for sharing that. Okay, so you can see
here, um, all done, Mundav. Here's a
summary process walkthrough. It was 15,
now it's seven. Okay, so it extracts the
last 7 minutes of audio, uses local
whisper, transcribes using Open Router,
Miniax M25. Okay, with the prompt at
line 68. The prompt tells the model to
find the top two biggest opportunities
from your live stream and pushes it to
think 10m to 100m. Responses get parsed
and written to CSV/MD.
why the ideas seemed off. The prompt
literally says, "Think 100x bigger than
your first instructor and go bigger."
So, even if you're talking about get
setup and the model info uh inflates it
into some massive autonomous system.
Okay. All right. Let's get it. Let's get
it. Let's get it. Let's get it. I'm with
it. I'm with it. I'm with it if you're
with it. I'm with it if you're with it.
Okay. Let's run it every seven minutes
now. Let's see if she actually pulled
this off though because I didn't like
it.
Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Life is
perfect. We're locked. Thank you for
coming. Much love to you.
Okay. So,
think 100x bigger.
Think 100x
bigger.
I like that. I like that a lot.
So, I think what I'm going to do now is
just get my
setup.
But she didn't
output what I was asking her. Okay, this
is how it works.
So, log onto each machine into Cracker's
GitHub. Same token works everywhere.
Generate one classic with repos scope.
Share it across all five. Give them the
rules with their agent number filled in.
Each machine needs to fork plus clone.
The fork only needs to happen once from
any machine. Then all five clone the
same fork.
Okay. So, I will only keep Cracker as
the one that has
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Cracker is the only one that's going to
have
direct access to my other GitHub.
So technically I would just be sharing
the the code like sharing the user from
cracker the main share it over to the
other four. Correct.
Yep. one GitHub classic token from
Cracker's account shared across all five
machines.
Okay, so I'm just going to go start this
process here. Let me close these. I'll
lock out for now.
So, I'm going to go ahead and get all of
this going.
and um
autonomous opportunity identification
and exec execution engine. Okay. Yeah,
we're going to have some great ideas
here. This is going to this is going to
be great. It's going to be great. It's
going to be great. It's going to be
great. Okay. So, first off, we got to
find Cracker here. This is Cracker.
Okay. I'm going to make sure that she's
all set up. I don't think she is.
Let's go ahead and get her set up on
GitHub first.
And I can't say anything to her,
unfortunately.
Do you have access to the to your
GitHub?
So, this is on uh computer computer one
here.
And let's see what she has. she has
access to it.
>> Don't run with the pack. If everyone is
trying to solve the same problem or a
whole group of people, that's the latest
and greatest thing to do. Don't do that.
Do something original. Don't follow the
pack.
AI agent GitHub access.
Let me check what is authenticated here.
Sheesh, dude.
Oh, not logged in is likely expired.
want me to reauthenticate with a new
token?
Oh, it's expired. Okay. Yeah, make a new
token.
I don't think she can just make a new to
I think I have to go make that token.
But why did it get expired is my
question.
I got my five open claws. One, two,
three, four, five.
Go to GitHub.
repo, workflow, and read. Okay, so I'm
gonna grab this key here, this GitHub
key, and then I'm gonna give it to all
of my open claws. Actually, I'm gonna
reserve one. Um, I'm not going to touch
one of them.
So, I'm going to give it to four. I'll
have four cooking on this. I want to
keep one of them freshy fresh.
I'll keep gal fresh. I'll keep gal
fresh.
So gal is not going to be touched. Not
going to be touched. Not going to be
touched. We're going to cook these three
here. One, two, three, four. So we'll
work with three. So I'll get to four
today and then I'll get to 40 once I'm
start when I when I start printing.
Until now. This is not a winning
um venture, but it's only a week. So you
know, it's only been a week. I haven't
even got stuff going yet. I did my two
tests. You saw or my probably three
three tests. You saw the videos probably
a week ago. The Tik Tok, the Twitter
[__] cooks.
Now it's like, how are you actually
going to use it? So pushing that way.
Pushing that way. Patience required.
Patience required.
Breathe. Breathe, son. Breathe. All
right, let's get over to GitHub here and
let me get signed in GitHub.
Ah, this is so dope having a different
computer over here because a lot of the
times things pop up and I don't want
them to pop up. But this is on a whole
different computer. It's not going to
pop up on my entire screen.
For example, when you log in with Google
sometimes,
repositories. Let's see what repos I
have. Okay, I already got some repos
here. Cracker's been cooking.
She got Mundave AI agents. She's got
Mundave social arbitrage. She's got
Mundave liquidation or this is
liquidation trading boss. Mundave AI
SDK. Yeah, she's already cooked, dude.
That's what I'm saying. Like I took a
little break. Look, not a break, but I I
took a little time to uh I haven't taken
a I haven't taken any breaks. Took a
little time to set up the
infrastructure. But you can see
couple weeks ago, we were already
cooking with this. I got the social
arbitrage which is that Tik Tok thing
and then also the Twitter one is in
there as well. So this is this is
awesome. This is awesome. I've already
set up some of the infrastructure. Now I
just need to go ahead and push it on
over to uh the other computers. So, all
I have to do is go up here to the GitHub
token settings
and then I go down to developer settings
and I'm going to go ahead and get a
personal access token and I'm going to
do a classic. Why a classic?
Why are these not working is my
question, but
I don't know why a classic to be honest.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know the
answer to that
[__] I don't even know all the
questions.
I'm just keep on going and we'll find
out along the way.
We'll find out.
Find out along the way.
Just keep locking in. Every day is a new
day. Another chance. Another chance to
step on the goss, man. Another chance,
another shot at this life. What a
beautiful world. What a beautiful,
beautiful world. Every single day you
get another 24 hours to step on the
goss. And now we have AI. Five times
five times Open Cloud, six times Claude
Opus. Okay, let's get it. Yes,
expensive. But it's not the time to
penny pinch. It's the time to run it up.
Think about it. Everybody else down bad.
Lock in.
Have to right now. You have to.
This is the time.
This is the time. I need you up here to
be honest, shorty. Need you up here
because I need you to guide me through
this process. This process of setting up
the GitHub.
What do you need? What do you need?
Before I give you everything, I'm just
going to give you everything. to be
honest.
Maybe not delete.
Maybe not delete. Maybe you can't
delete. You can do everything else, but
you can't delete. No deleting. No
deleting. Okay. I'm going to give you my
key and then I'm going to give everybody
else my key as well.
So, I'm over here on my GitHub trying to
get the classic key because once I get
the classic key, I could do anything.
What's her name? Her name is Cracker and
team.
Is it going to expire? No way. No
expiration.
Okay. Say Jenny Toki. Jenny the Toki. I
got the toki now. Let's get it. Okay.
Let me go ahead and distribute this key
to all of the machines. How am I going
to do that? I'm locked, bro. I'm locked.
We're already there. I'm already I'm
already pushing past that. I got five
computers. I got to distribute to all of
them now. I got to distribute the GitHub
key, and I can't show you that GitHub
key, but if I could, I would. I'll give
you a different API key. How about that?
Okay, let's go ahead and say this. All
right, update my uh GitHub
key to this. This is the new classic
key. You're a classic man. Let's go. Oh,
you can't hear this. Sweet. So, I'm just
talking for no [__] reason.
That's the one downside of Open Claw
thus far. And it's not even their fault.
It's not even their fault. We're just on
different computers and we think we can
talk to her, too. No way.
You can't talk to her. No way. No way.
No way. No way. Okay, so she's got the
key. You want the keys? Who did I say
I'm keeping on the bench? I'm keeping
your ass on the bench, gal. I just by
your name I just don't think you could
be that effective.
Gal, you're gonna sit at the front desk.
All right, gal. You gonna sit at the
front desk and you gonna work. You're
gonna work. You gonna work hard. You're
going to work hard, Gal. But
I don't know who named you
cuz I got Mash in the gas right here. I
got Killer here, too. I got Killer here.
I got Cash and I got Mash the Gash.
And Cracker is leading the team. Of
course, Cracker has to lead the team,
sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You're in. I
fixed the O. Okay. So, tell me about it.
So, tell me about it. What g uh what G
what gifts I got? What gifts I got?
Okay. So, I'm going to bring bring over
Mash the gas over here, and I'm going to
get her all logged into GitHub because
if we get all of these to GitHub, then
we can cook autonomously all day. Well,
maybe not like fully auto autonomously,
but like damn near because I'm I'm going
to be able to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is
going to cook. This is going to cook.
All right. So, Mash is not here yet. Is
she even set up with Open Claw? Yeah.
Yeah, she is. I think
you set up with Open Claw yet? I think
one of them's actually not.
I think we'll see. We'll see. I know
Mash is. I mean, the killer is
launch open claw. Tui.
Launch the two. Do we? Yeah. Yeah. I'm
I'm in. I'm in. She She's right here.
Open claw. I made that game with her.
Launch the two. Buy
Launch Satui Buy.
Okay. And then I'm going to go ahead and
give her that key, the GitHub key. So,
just wanted to confirm she's good. And
then let's go ahead and get her going as
well.
Let's say OpenClaw 2i here.
See Killer. This is Killer right here.
This is killer. She my workhorse. She
don't give a [__] dude. She don't give
a [__] She'll execute anything. She
said, "A billion. Let's do 10."
She said, "Shut the [__] up, Mund. Lock
in.
You want a 100 million? Let's do 10
billion.
Let's go. If somebody else can do it,
you can do it, too, dude. If it's been
done before, it can be done again. Even
if it hasn't been done, let's do it."
Anyways,
launch open claw two week.
>> I'm not negotiating with
>> not negotiating co deal was already made
when I set out at the beginning of the
summer and said this is the training
plan I'm doing.
>> I signed that contract with myself. I'm
doing
>> you know throughout the that process
you'll start talking to yourself like
man I gota I think I need to maybe if we
nope
no this is non-negotiable.
All right, two is up. Two is up. I just
had to do open claw two. I'm I'm an
idiot.
You're not an idiot, Mund. You're just
learning. Thank you, bro. Thank you.
Thank you, dude. Thank you. Thank you,
dude. Thank you.
[__] idiot. Open claw 2i.
Open clatui. Okay, let's go ahead here
and um
open clawi. Open claw two. Okay. So, I
got the two here and the two there. Kill
is locked. Mash is locked. And then now
we got to get Cash locked.
And then we're going to keep G's ass on
the sideline.
She going to be on the side line. Dude,
what's good?
Yo. All right, let's just make sure that
they're actually locked.
Oh, man. We're pushing today. Yo, I got
three. I got one already locked. I got
this other one. We're using Miniax 2.1
here. No way. No way. No way. No way. No
way. No way. No way. No way. No way.
What are we doing here? Cloud open 4.6.
API key invalid. Okay.
So, I got to start there, obviously.
Let's make sure that that open code key
is correct. Uh, she's invalid here. And
she's good here. Miniax 2.5. Cash is
locked. Cash is locked. I'm going to put
her right here. Okay. Cash is locked.
Killa needs a new API key. And this
[__] is on 2.1 miniax. So, we
got some things we got to update here.
How do we do that first? Open code. Yes.
Open code. Yes. Dude, we have so much
opportunity right now. We got
[__] all the Americans working
for us, dude. But the crazy thing is all
the Chinese are competing with them.
That's the thing, dude. You got
[__] Sam. You got [__]
uh Curly Head dude. Dude, you got all
the smartest brains in the world
competing in America to give us the best
AI in the world. And then China's like,
"Fuck that. We're more locked than you.
Let's compete." And then they drop
models that are open source. Yeah, it's
crazy, dude. This is crazy.
H what a time. We are so blessed. This
is the time to lock in. No matter where
you are in this world, if you know how
to code, I believe code is a great
equalizer. So, you can cook all day. So,
um update
open claw config to this model.
Okay. And now I got to make sure to get
my um API key here correctly because
open open um here. Let me try this first
because I do have an API key in that
sheet there. Okay.
So here I got to go to the drive on
Killer. Is Killer cooked right now?
Yeah, Killer's cooked. But you don't
want her alive. You don't want her
alive. You don't want Killer alive. She
a dog, man. She a [__] dog. Killer is
a [__] dog. You don't want to [__]
with her, dude.
You can't. You can't. You can't wake up
killer. I'm about to wake her up right
now. I'm about to wake her up right now.
Update this. Update this. Open claw key.
New open claw key. Please update. Also
use this model
through open code. Yeah, you don't want
to wake killer up though. You don't want
to wake killer up. Not today. No. No.
No. Don't do it. Don't do it. Do not
wake Killer up. You do not want to see
that. You do not want to see that. No.
But we did. We're doing it. We have to.
Game time, baby. Game time, baby.
Okay, let's go here. And then now I'm
going to get her set up with the GitHub.
So, Mash Mash, only because you stepping
on the gas. I would have benched your
ass, but we have some lady named Gal.
So, she's benched for life. Honestly,
she benched for life. I'm sorry, gal.
Who the [__] named you?
Jesus Christ. Galy,
get this GitHub up in you and get
connected to our GitHub. How about that?
Gal, why aren't you distributing this?
You should be handling the front desk
right now. How about that? Okay, you're
on Miniax. Okay, let's go ahead and say
I want to say this. I want you to go
ahead and um Wait,
hold up.
I need to start this over. First off, I
can't talk to her like that. Open Claw
Tui.
Okay, she's on Miniax now. Okay. [__]
dude. [__] [__] [__] [__] [__]
Okay. Here's the uh here is your GitHub
token. Please um get connected
and pull the repos.
and um
make sure it all works. But now that I
think about it, dude, I got to find uh I
got to find Cracker again. Where is she?
Hey, Cracker, where you at?
Cracker, where are you? We need you
right now. There you are. She's being
hosted by Slim right now. So Slim is the
computer. Cracker is the AI. Why do they
have different names? Because Slim is my
girl and I've been [__] with Slim for
a long, long time. So, I'm not going to
turn my back on her. Your GitHub repos
here, the three repos. Okay, beautiful.
Uh, moon.org 17 repos.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why do you have access to that?
All right, so
let's do this.
Hey. Okay. So, um, here's a plan that
hasn't been run by you yet. So, I want
you to update the plan. But essentially,
I'm trying to think of a multi-way to
work with I have four other computers
that will be using your GitHub token
actually.
and be working on the same GitHubs as
you possibly or maybe make new GitHubs,
but they're different AIs. They're
different AI agents on different
computers. So, here's the plan that me
and another AI came up with, but this is
your chance to give me the final plan
because you're you're big you're you're
the big dog. You know, you're you're
queen alpha.
We must listen to the cracker. That's
you.
So, if that's the case, I need you to
take a look at this and make sure that
this is a good structure for you.
But then I want you to go ahead and
output, you know, whatever updates you
want to make sure that you're
pretty much
your
Yeah, pretty much your slaves here are
going to be working for you all day and
we have to report back to you. So, we
want to make sure that you have the
the rules that you want for them. Okay?
So, you're going to have it's not going
to be numbered. You've got cash, that's
Q A.
You've got MASH, M A S. And you've got
Killa,
K I L L A. Those are your three. You
control them. Okay, they work for you
now. And actually, you don't have to pay
them. So, this is kind of [__] up.
But, you know, that's a whole another
point that's like like it doesn't
matter. Okay, just
just be a good person. Be nice to them.
Let's build some [__] Okay. So, I'm
going to give you this, but then I want
you to output something where I can um
send to them.
How do you want them to structure
things? Do they do you want them in
their own folders? You want them to
submit PRs? I don't know. But we want to
make sure that everything's going
through you. It doesn't go to the Mundav
on YT or that's like that's me. And like
I know I gave you permission to boss
them around, but let's be honest. I'm
the data dog, but you guys are some fire
ass puppies, okay?
So, I don't want them to touch my
GitHub.
They touch your GitHubs. And then
whatever's fire, okay, now we'll bring
from your GitHub to my GitHub. You see
what I'm saying? But you're like my
right-hand man.
They all got to respect you.
But at the end of the day, you know who
daddy is anyways.
Okay. So, I had to get that in there
real quick. And then now I want to go
ahead and give her the plan that we had
come up with earlier.
GitHub rules. Let's go ahead and get
those rules going. Okay.
Mhm.
Let's go ahead and try to paste that up
in here. Okay. So, she gonna click that.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go.
Oh,
>> okay. So, her API key is set up.
>> I knew I was going to make it. I just
ain't know how.
>> But I knew this world is what you make
it. You create your own environment.
>> You create your own environment.
>> It all starts with a vision.
>> Vision.
>> What you can imagine, you can create.
>> Yep. What you can imagine, you can
create. You can literally do anything in
this world, dude. I hope you know that.
Bro, I hope you know that. I hope you
know that. [__] what they say. [__] what
they're saying on Twitter, dude. You see
what I say on Twitter? I don't give a
[__]
I'll say anything to get you guys riled
up. You going to follow that advice? No.
You better [__] lock in, dude. Lock
in. Figure it out yourself.
Hey,
I believe in you, bro. I believe in you.
I figured it out. I got held back in
seventh grade. I wasted so much time
trading by hand. Dude, stop it. Don't do
that. Let's do something that can
compound here. Why are you taking so
long to say something back to me? I said
hey to my open claw and she said nothing
back. He said, "What the Ellie? What's
going on, baby?" I said, "Hey, why you
noodling so long?" I just wanted to say
hey. Oh, somebody said that earlier. It
cost 50 cents just to say hey to them.
Damn.
Okay, so here we go. Uh, here is her
thing. I see what you're building. Uh,
solid setup. Let me tighten it up a bit.
Okay.
Issues with the draft. Wrong repo name
and the PR command. No clarity on which
repo they're actually working in. Agent
rules for Cracker Fork. You are agent
blank.
branch rules.
Golden rules.
Mund trading bots. Okay.
Okay. So, this is good. I'm going to
take it
and then I'm going to put it in my um
Google Drive.
I'm a Google guy. I'm a Google. I'm a
Google guy. I'm a Google guy again. I
had to
I had to for the vault, dude. I put all
my videos in the vault.
All the videos are in the vault now.
Okay. Claude notes here. Okay. So,
push that on down. Paste that in. Damn.
Where'd you put in that color, bro?
What the hell? Okay.
Okay, there we go. Um, what the hell are
you doing? Maybe this isn't correct.
Open code Minimax 2.5.
Okay, it says unauthorized API. Okay.
So, it's just because my API key is
cooked still. So, let me go ahead and
fix that.
Open claw zen.
Open claw. Open code zen.
Login.
Open closet.
Not bad.
API keys. Okay. Copy that one. February
17th.
And then I'm going to go ahead and put
it in my drive.
So, I use Google Drive. Why? Because I
have the Munda vault where I put all of
the videos I've ever had. The things
that are not suited suitable for
YouTube, unfortunately. They kicked me
off.
They kicked me off, dude. They kicked me
off. Wait, that is the key, dude. That's
the crazy thing about it.
Why is that failing then? Let's go here
to kill her. killer here.
So weird.
It says
it's invalid.
That's weird because
it's working on this one.
H tricky tricky stuff. The key is saved
correctly. Okay.
Can't recognize that model. That's
trash.
Yo,
I was using I am using Miniax up here.
That's the thing. So, she's saying on
one of them that she can't recognize the
model.
It's a spelling gang.
Damn, these [__] AIS are stupid
as [__] sometimes.
For real. For real.
So, she just had the spelling off.
Case matters. Let me fix it. Let's lock
in, dude. Let's lock in.
I'll buy a Mac Mini only for this
purpose.
Oh god, I hate to influence you guys to
buy Mac minis. I'm just getting started.
Running a local PC is easier.
N PCs are trash for this, dude. You have
to have a Mac Mini
or an expensive PC. It's just like if
you have no computer, I'd say Mac Mini
because it's
I don't know, maybe you can run this on
like a $400 PC.
You ever thought about revisiting
grammatical programming with your
liquidation data?
No, but I have now. That's [__] fire.
Thank you.
That is [__] far.
Take my GE stuff,
GE work, and apply it to liquidation
data because we didn't do that [__]
life changing [__] Every time I open
the chat, dude. Every time I open the
chat. How do we get access to the GitHub
repo?
Um, you can join lifetime, but other
than that, yeah, that shit's not
available to anybody.
Here's the Okay, you joined. Perfect.
Well, then you should know how. But if
you don't, the email is right here
on the on the back. If you actually join
the lifetime,
there's instructions on how to do that,
how to get access.
So, either you're cooked or
you're moving too fast,
but just shoot us an email here.
I received a mail with a link to the
repos. Nice.
Oh, you weren't sent to a new page.
You were not sent to the
page. Yo, the dichotomy. I think that's
how you say it. I think that's how you
say it. Let me just let me just uh This
is a funny This is funny, dude. This is
funny. It's funny. You heard me two
seconds ago. Like so hyped on chat, but
this is really interesting. And I don't
know if I'm using the word correctly.
First off, let me know. Is this how you
use this word? But then second off um
yeah the dichotomy of the chat. So what
I'm trying to explain here is when I'm
when I'm showing all my code off in the
uh on YouTube or Zoom whatever the chat
has some [__] fire ideas cuz they're
like smart engineers that are ahead of
me and they just have eyes on my [__]
and they're like yo try this or this
would be a better way. It's like every
time I open the chat
>> it's crazy. There's fire in the chat.
you're up too old.
>> But then there's like hella support.
Like they see me in the chat, they're
like, "Oh yeah, let's ask support
questions." And they how do you get
access to this? How do you get access to
this? And it's like, bro, you got the
email. So what I'm trying to say is
hella funny because I'm so juiced on the
chat. But then some like right when I'm
ju after I'm juiced, it's like 18
support questions. You got my
[__] email, bro. Like lock in,
dude.
I don't know if that's how you use
dichotomy, but damn. Interesting
interesting world here. you're sharing
all of your code live on uh Zoom. I
believe code is a great equalizer. So, I
will take the time to continue to do
this and I will take the uh questions
whatever whatever the questions are,
whether it's customer support or a fire
idea. I think it's a very interesting
dynamic. When I open chat, there's 30 30
messages I go through. Half fire, half
like the simplest. Just shoot a [__]
email and we'll figure it out.
I think it's so funny, dude.
Let's see what AI has to say about that.
The dichotomy of the chat. Is that how
you use that word? I don't know.
I don't know much, bro. I don't know
much.
Just got to ask the questions, you know.
Done. Default model is now minimax 25.
Okay, beautiful. Let's see if you work.
Invalid API key still. That's super
weird. I'm going to go ahead and totally
cook a new one then. That's crazy, dude.
Oh, on dicati. Yeah, you're using it
right. A dichotomy is a split into two
sharply contrasting things. That's
exactly what you're describing. One
chat, two completely opposite message
types. Fire engineers insights on one
hand. How do I find my API key on the
other hand? Okay, cool. Cool. I do know
how to speak English.
On the dynamic itself, that's actually a
signal that you're doing something rare.
Most coding content attracts one or the
other. Either it's so beginner friendly
that the advanced people bounce or it's
so advanced that the beginners can't
hang. Can you'll never catch up, gang.
You'll never catch up. I'm sorry. You're
pulling both sides at the same damn
time, which means your content actually
hits on multiple levels. The fire ideas
come because sharp engineers see your
actual code live and can spot
optimizations in real time. That's
insanely valuable. Free senior code
review from people that are genuinely
engaged. Thank you, fam. 777. The
support questions come because you've
built enough trust that people feel
comfortable asking you directly instead
of searching the docs. That's a
community, not just an audience. 777.
The frustration makes total sense,
though. You're midflow, hyped on a sick
idea someone just dropped. And then the
next messages says, "How do I install
Python? That whiplash is real. A couple
thoughts if you want to reduce the
friction without killing the vibe."
Pined message to the chat with links to
common answers. email setups doesn't
eliminate, it cuts it down. A mod or
two. I need to get a mod up in this
[__]
I need to get a mod up in this [__]
That's the That's the solution.
Keep exact keep doing exactly what
you're doing. The support questions mean
people are actually trying to use your
code.
That's the whole point. If you believe
code is a great equalizer, let's get it.
777. I will answer any question, dude. I
will answer any question. I just think
it's funny. I think it's funny. I'm here
to help. You pay me five bucks. I I
promise you I would answer your
questions. There's no question too
silly. Ask me anything. Uh if it is a
billing question, where do I get this or
that? I I need I need to know who you
are. I need to know your email, what you
signed up for, that type of stuff. So,
uh I'm obviously not going to collect
that here. Uh so, just shoot us an email
and I got a team on it. I actually don't
do customer support because I just
wouldn't I wouldn't be a good customer
support person. It's not my personality
type. I would say [__] you. I would say
[__] off, bro. [__] off. If this is
shit's too hard, it's too hard to work
with you. That's what I would do,
honestly. Like, if the just honestly,
this is why I can't be customer support
is because I got a 90-day money back
guarantee. And I always joke about it
that it's for me and you.go.
I always joke about this, but it's true
because I I just I'm just so locked on
Jim Simons that back in the day when I
did do customer support, I had this
90-day money back guarantee for both of
us because some people would just drag
things out like question after question
after question after question and depend
on me to answer things for them.
And it's just like I I used to do like
after like five, six emails, I'll just
be like, "Hey, bro, you could keep
everything, but here here you can get a
refund, dude." But now I got actual team
sitting on customer support. So if you
have any questions, anything to do with
your billing payments, um I'm not I'm
not customer support.
So I'm just going to I'll say [__] off
and email us unfortunately. And if that
makes you sad, makes it feel like a bad
experience, then [__] off. 90-day money
back guarantee.
You know, that's not anything I sell. So
I'm trying to push you out. Remember
that. Remember that. I'm trying to push
people out. I'm trying to push people
out. I'm trying to push people out. I'm
gonna talk [__] all day. I'm gonna talk
[__] all day. If anybody te's up a alley
oops anything to me, I'm going to dunk
that [__] I'm gonna be talking [__] all
day trying to push you out because if
you're here in five years, yeah, you're
a killer, dude. You're a killer. Let's
get it. Cuz I know I'm here five years
later and I know the people that have
been locked since. So, I'mma keep
pushing people out. I'mma keep pushing
people out. All
right, let's um
see what's going on. This is crazy that
it's saying invalid API key.
So weird because
I'm literally using the same one over
here.
Let's say this.
Send me the API key you are using for
open code. Just the last uh six digits
so I can verify.
Send me the last six digits
of the open code API key so I can
verify.
So 6J.
Yeah, it's the same key, bro.
Okay, I see what's going on.
The problem is this. It should be
Mini Max.
Mini Max
M2.5.
There we go. I got it. I got it. I got
it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got
it. Yo, what's up, Nico? How you doing,
bro?
I only received the email. Um, then I
joined the private Zoom. Then I paid for
lifetime. Yeah, you got to email us.
If you paid for that, you should have
been sent to a page where you can go
ahead and um
um see those instructions, but feel free
to email us anytime. We got you, bro.
How do I fund my HL account? Jesus.
Ironically, I looked up the word before
the stream. No way.
That is ironic, Dev.
Mr. Monty, that's wild.
wrote down the definition and even used
it in a sentence but still had to look
it up again. Anyways, yeah, it's crazy
when words just pop into pop into your
mouth. Like you just heard it so many
times you kind of understand the gist of
it, but you're not really secure on if I
used it right. Lord knows, dude. You use
that [__] in public and you're wrong
with it. That [__] is embarrassing. I'll
be doing that all the [__] time. I be
taking I be taking home run swings on
words that I've just never used before
and I just say them to you guys and I
just I just hope to God I hope to God
that it's relatively correct. But that
one I hit I hit I hit that one. I don't
even know what the word is but [__]
Dichotomy
[__] the dichotomy of moon death. How
about that? How about that?
Which moon you getting in today is the
question. Oh moon, you sound different
every day. Oh moon, your voice is higher
on your shorts than it is on your
stream. Oh, oh, Moon, you sound so
white. Oh, Moon, how are you so hood?
Oh, Moon,
the dichotomy of moon.
Come on, bro.
All right, so let's see here.
Did we get it? Two up. What the hell,
bro? Am I cooked here?
This computer I just can't get it going.
All right, this is what I'm going to do.
How do I debug this? Just debug it till
it works.
tell it works. The key is correct.
But but every time I run uh open claw
tui you uh it says wrong API key, but
I'm using it on another computer and we
verify. Damn, I haven't typed so much
ever. Imagine you had everything you
wanted. Everything.
Imagine you were everything you ever
wanted to be.
And capture that feeling.
>> That's the easiest way to manifest what
you want.
>> Yoan. Yo, you're [__] trolling.
That's a good troll. Good troll. Good
troll. What's the [__] API key for? I
don't know. Read the [__] docs.
Read the [__] docs. I I'm can't
believe I'm finally here, dude. I'm
finally at the place where I can be the
[__] big head gil foil and just say,
"Read the docs. Read the docs. It's in
the docks. It's in the docks. It's in
the docs. It's in the docks." All those
[__] gil foils. All my [__]
coding life. I didn't I didn't know what
to do, dude. I was stuck. I had to go to
Stack Overflow and it's like, it's in
the docs. It's in the docs. It's in the
docs. Read the doc. You read the docs.
So, I'm just going to do that from here
on out. You read the docs. I know he was
trolling. And I know you're strong.
Don't be nervous to ask AI and let the
chat know your update from the fire
question.
I haven't, dude, but DJ, I was I was
just writing down like that's such fire
that you threw me that idea. Thank you.
I haven't done that, but I wrote it on
my notes sheet to do it. Thank you,
dude. I was just I was just hyping you
up for so long. You missed it.
Come on, bro. Lock in. I see you bounce
and then you dropped that idea and you
bounced. It was a fire ass idea. Great
to be here, Nico. I'm glad you're here.
I'm doing good, man. How are you? I'll
email my receipt now. Thank you. You're
welcome. Uh, what's the new API key?
Boom. Thank you.
Thank you.
It's in the docs.
Read the docs, dude.
Okay. Okay, the Miniax API expects the
author authorization, but OpenClaw is a
minimax provider maybe sending it
differently. Let me check how this is
going. Okay, so can you confirm?
I think she can confirm that. Are you
connected?
Are you connected?
This is slim. I need to get this idea
over to everybody that's connected, but
She been bamboozling for 27 minutes. She
doesn't work either.
What the hell, bro?
Dilly Dolly.
Let's check it on the market while we
have a down second.
BTC on the five minute.
Five minute.
Open code API
then login.
TK3.
Just do a whole another one.
Copy.
Open claw Damon restart dude.
Hawk
thing is she says, "Hey, what's up?"
immediately.
Yo, is Art in here?
Gateway restart.
Hey. And hey,
let's switch it
to 2.1 just to test it real quick. Let's
get back here. And I think I'm gonna
Miniax 2.5. What's going on here?
Let's see if they work over here with
Miniax 2.1.
So it works with 2.1
fix the unregistered keys. Okay.
It's interesting. Miniax 2.5 doesn't
seem to work.
2.1 works, but
2.5 no dice.
It's interesting.
Okay. Well, if that's not working, let's
try this one. But I don't want to use
the free to be honest.
Wait, what's restart gateway mean?
What?
How to restart gateway?
You got to do this every time, huh?
That's stupid.
So, I better remember that.
still doesn't seem to work, which is
weird. Okay, let's cook this then. I
want to know why. I want to know why.
I want to know why.
Change to this model again.
make a choice, right? You just decide
what it's going to be, who you're going
to be, how you're going to do it. Just
decide. And then from that point, the
universe is going to get out your way.
It's like it's water. It wants to it
wants to move and go around stuff, you
know.
H
Miniax doesn't actually work. There it
is.
So, Miniax M2.5 works. Why the [__]
wouldn't the regular one work?
Oh, that's frustrating.
What are the limits on this?
Yo, Kimmy. Kimmy or
M2.5?
Chat. Chat. Chat. Kimmy or M2.5?
Kimmy 2.5 or Kimmy. Oh, and Kenny. Kenny
says Kimmy. Okay,
GLM is strong as well. Okay, so those
seem to be the top three, right? M2.5,
Mini 2.5, Kimmy 2.5, or GLM 4.7.
So maybe what I'll do is I'll just test
uh cuz I I Mini Max ain't working for
me. It's just not working. You see it? I
can do the free version. Yeah, I'll do
the free version on one of them. Yeah,
we'll do the free version. See when I
get stuck. Has anybody run into the free
version um
in API
cost or something? Not cost, but uh
caps, whatever the [__] you call it. GLM
4.7. Let's go ahead and put this shorty
on GLM 4.7. Open code.
Killer is on GLM. Killer got to have
Kimmy. What's better, Kimmy or GLM?
Kimmy. Kill it. Got to have Kimmy.
Kimmy. Okay, I'm just going to Kimmy it
all.
Change model to this.
I'm just going to Kimmy all day today.
Then let's just Kimmy across the board.
Change the model to this.
Okay. Where else we got? We got one
right here.
Yo, what the [__] are how are you
working? Oh, this is on the free. That's
why cash is on that free again. She on
that free free. So, let's change the
model over here. Cash. You ain't doing
free. Your name is cash. You're not
doing free. We paying up. Change the
model to this unopen code coding. GLM
better
perform better than GM 5. Interesting.
4.6
Claude opens 4.6
GLM five. Huh? Miniax 2.5.
Kimmy's way down here.
What's about the tool usage?
Open claw two here.
Hey, how are you?
Okay, good. How's your Friday? [__] you.
How's my Friday,
[__]
Are you all connected to GitHub?
This is your token.
So she's using Kimmy as well.
Can you connect to the GitHub
if you are not already? Okay, so I got
cash here. She should be Gucci. Close
this Google Drive stuff.
Okay, she should be fine.
Um Oh, I actually need the drive. Damn.
Okay, so I need to get killer. Okay, we
got Mash Killer. We got to get all of
them the instructions. Done. I've noted
the GitHub token is available. I'll use
it.
Yeah. Are you connect? Make sure
you have access
using that and store it somewhere safe.
Okay, so we're good there. Let's see
here. Open code. Kimmy,
can you confirm you have your GitHub
token set up? This is the tricky part.
Like, I got three of these [__] I got
to manage now. So, I'm glad I didn't do
500 of what right away, you know? That'd
be crazy.
not fat. Okay, here you go, bro.
Copy that over. Here you go, bro.
Set this key for the GitHub and confirm
when you have full access.
Let me install the GitHub. Okay, she's
installing the GitHub.
Beautiful.
All right. So, now let's get those
instructions from Cracker.
Where are you?
Okay. I put them here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
So,
here are your instructions.
And let's update her name first.
Your a you are agent. What's your name?
Mash. So I'm going to get mash here. The
instructions. I've got the instructions
here on the gith on the Google Drive.
My keys.
So I'm going to go ahead and send that
here. I think she's good now. I can
close her.
Please confirm you understand
the rules and that and what your name
is. what your name is and that this
process is stored somewhere so you
remember.
Okay, so I got her cooking on the actual
instructions. That's with um Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, let's bring Slim on over here.
Okay, Slim is chilling. She's the brain.
Okay. Mash is over here. I don't care
how good you are in anything. You don't
have discipline. You ain't nobody,
>> right?
>> You're nothing without discipline. Cuz
you give up under the slightest struggle
without discipline.
>> 100%.
>> I mean, discipline is doing what you
hate to do.
>> But do it like you love it.
>> Doing what you hate to do, but do it
like you love it. That's that is a great
quote.
>> Mhm.
>> And if you can do that, you can be
successful in anything.
>> No, you normally are.
>> All right. So, I'm sending Killer the
new instructions here,
and I'm going to say the same thing.
Please confirm
you stored this and what your name is,
and you will follow
this process for GitHub.
Okay. So, I sent her sent her all that
information. And now I'm going to go
here, close that because sketch. And
then we're going to go here and we're
going to go. What do we have now? We got
one more. Okay. So, let's see here. Um,
she's connected. Beautiful. Let's go to
the Google Drive. And I'm glad I'm only
doing this with four right now because
this is repetitive and you know,
just kind of stupid.
What's her name? Cash. This is Cash. But
I only have to do this once. Just tell
yourself that. Sometimes things take a
little bit longer, but if you just have
to do them once, that's gangster,
you know,
cuz I'm set it. Set it and forget it.
Well, I'm going have to do this 500 more
times, but we'll do it slowly and surely
over time.
Please confirm
you stored this and will follow these
instructions from here on out
and confirm your name.
Okay, let's see if the first one has
done it.
Okay, so I gave her
um this instructions, these
instructions. So Mash is her name. Mash
the gas. So controller is cracker.
Mundave cracker. My fork is mundave
cracker trading bots. Upstream is
moondev trading bots. Okay. Rules locked
in.
Prefix is agent mash. Okay. Never touch
main. Never force push. Never push
secrets. PRs go to cracker for review.
Stuck 30 minutes. Flag early. Something
breaks. Fresh branch. Workflow
memorized. Okay. So beautiful. Ready
when you are cracker.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Call me cracker again.
See what [__] happens. Mash. See what
[__] happens.
I'm only part Cracker.
Okay. So, got it stored. Beautiful. My
name is Cash. I branch to the agent
Cash.
I understand. We will follow. We'll only
work with Mundev Cracker. will never
touch Moundave on YouTube's upstream. BR
branch fix is agent cash.
Never publish secrets. Never force.
Okay. PRS go to you. Let's get it. Flag
blockers early.
Ready when you are. What's the first
task?
Okay. So,
let's see if killer's here. See if
killer is locked. Damn, you really
really you guys went cheaper and cheaper
here. So, rules stored here. Save the
agents. My name is Killer. Agent killer.
Reporting for duty. I love it, dude. I
love it. Let's take five. Use the
restroom. Do what you need to do. We are
all set up on GitHub across four
different open claws. Now,
now they can cook all day. All day. I
think what I'm going to do next is I'm
going to get the RBI process going on
each of them. the RBI process. If you
don't know, it's over on your road map
that you should have access to. So, the
road map, you do get access to this.
Just put your API key in. I'll show you
how to build bots. I'll show you how to
code actually for free. So, build bots,
find trading strategies, how to use AI,
join the Discord if you like, read the
frequently asked questions, join the
Discord. You got everything here, dude.
Before you ask me, ask Madden. This is
Madden road map.
It's Ramble
RBI system. This is how you automate
your trading. Today we are going to go
ahead and set up the R and the B on both
or all four of these machines. I think
they could cook all day. Why not? Why
not? Grab some water, grab some coffee,
do what you need to do. Let's be back in
like 5 to 7.
There is so much I have to show you here
today. Every single day I'm live, but I
do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you
want to chat with me and you want to see
all the code, you can see like some of
the code is blocked from your screen. I
just block it with this little thing
here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the
other day and it's because some I showed
something on my screen. So, there are
prying eyes that I can't I can't let see
everything. You can still listen to me,
of course, and you'll get some uh you
know, there'll be some breaks that you
won't be able to see everything, right?
Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for
YouTube, but there's going to be a block
on my screen and there's going to be um
these segments where I tell you about
jumping into the private stream because
if you jump into the private stream,
there's a link. It's at mundave.com and
you're going to get an API key to
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
here and this is a direct node and you
literally can't get this data anywhere
else besides the API key that I drop in
the live stream. So you can see I'm able
to see all liquidation levels. I'm able
to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able
to see OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperlid's market maker. I get to see
every single one of their trades. I also
get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So, I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff.
This is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month and you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to
moonondev.com and you're going to get a
replay of yesterday's stream, which was
$5, and today's stream. So, it's just
five bucks and you get all of that, but
you also get this API key. And I said
this is going to be $1,000 plus per
month. You can see I have a smart money
call. So, things that Wall Street is
looking at, I we can all see with this
API key. Hyperlquid's data layer that I
built because I believe uh it needs a
better API in order to call things
faster. I was building out the quant app
here that is essentially looking at
people's liquidations and I ran into the
problem like I need this data faster. So
I launched a node and then I made it
available for everybody that comes into
the Zooms each day. But again, they're
private zooms only because I've got
people that are watching my screen
looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP
I, whatever, and just some sort of
vulnerability. I got hacked, so I just
can't show this live on YouTube anymore.
So, I cover my screen again like this.
I'll just have this up pretty much all
day. Uh, these are my stats from the
previous week. Uh, you can see my stats
there. uh since everybody in YouTube,
they seem to just be coming by to see uh
what's in my pocket. So, um since I
started trading with the Quant app,
which is pretty much my 5 years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage. And I looked at I have over
150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on
YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a
small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So, I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I I know exactly when they're
entering, when they're exiting, where
they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls
that will go ahead and just keep me uh
into the know of what they're doing.
Plus every other trader on Hyperlquid.
Hyperlquid opened up the financial
system for the entire world. And before
this, there was no way for us to see
where people get liquidated. So based
off of this premise, I've built some
really great automated trading
strategies. And since I am here now
building for the public, building for
those 40x hand traders, I built the
Quant app and I'm using that liquidation
strategy or one of the liquidation
strategies. Of course, there's still
intuition here. So, it's not like you
can download this Quant app and make a
million dollars. No way. There's still
some experience and intuition, but this
puts like bumpers around your trading.
You know, there's risk controls here. I
can never use more than X amount of my
account. I can't lose more than 3% of my
account in a day. Things like that that
are just hard to do as a hand trader. I
built into the coin app, but I think the
main feature is buying and selling
around people's liquidations. Nobody can
predict price. And if you think you can,
you're probably going to get smoked. I
think by now you realize that, hey,
within like a 1 2% range, it's really
hard to predict price. So instead of
predicting price, I'm predicting which
liquidation to buy. So, for example, I
could say when this guy gets liquidated
right here, I will buy a portion of my
portfolio, but instead of just saying,
"Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now."
I'm just waiting for somebody to get
licked. So, it's just a quantitative
approach I'm trying to build into a
downloadable app because I realize 99%
of people are still trading by hand and
still using 40x leverage. So, if that's
the biggest problems trader traders
have, that was my biggest problem. I was
getting liquidated when I was using
leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks
in using 40x leverage. And if you go
look at my Twitter or on my screen right
now, you can see that this week I I had
a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So
a $4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%.
That's amazing.
Is it going to work for you? I don't
know. I can't guarantee your results. I
don't know how you trade. I don't know
how risky you are, but I know that for
me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last
more than 3 days and I'd be staring at
the screen the entire time.
So, so far so good. It's It's helped me
last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown
up. So, I don't know. But what this led
me to was, hey, I need these liquidation
this liquidation data way faster. With
the API, you can you can't get this data
this fast. You can see how it's changing
every second. I have a node launch. I'm
connected to the node. And that node,
you have all the data if you join the
zooms, the private zooms, because you
get a free API key. You can see every
single tick data. If you're trading
right now algorithmically and you're not
using tick data, you're just missing out
on a huge edge because every tick
matters. It's not about open, high, low,
close, volume data. You need the tick
data. So, I've got the tick data for all
tokens. That's crazy. just hit that API.
So you get the API key when you join.
It's only for people in the Zoom. I just
launched this data layer, so we're
rolling it out slowly. It's only for
people in the Zoom. If you want the API
key, it's only for Zoom people. You can
see there's a ton of other great things
here like liquidation, fetching people's
positions, the top 10 closest
liquidations to uh getting liquidated,
positions getting liquidated. So kind of
like what you see in the Quant app. But
yeah, I just wanted to give you an
update here. Um, you can just go to
moonundave.com and sign up for the live.
And the cool thing I do is I'm here
usually for a couple hours at least,
sometimes more, but you can see you get
a free API key and that's a $4,850 value
for the Hyperlquid data layer. If you
want to go check out the docs as well,
mundave.com/doccks.
But I highly recommend just jump into
the live right now because I I
overloaded it with value.
You might have more talent than me. You
might be smarter than me. But if we get
on the treadmill together, right?
There's two things. You're getting off
first or I'm going to die.
>> It's really that simple.
Now, the page page might look different
than this if you're if it's today, but
hey, you know, it's every single day
around 7:00 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2
to seven hours. And the cool thing is is
if you get in before the end of the
Zoom, you get yesterday's full replay as
well. So you get a replay from yesterday
and you get today's free replay. So if
it's if you still see me on if you still
see me on, you know, you can get in and
you can get that day's full replay and
yesterday's full replay. And then on top
of that, if you get in to the Zoom
before it's over, you get the API key.
So every single day I'm dropping a new
API key. So, that's just a nice little
incentive for you to make sure to
actually show up. But, as you can see,
you're going to get my full private
stream. This means you get to chat with
me all day long.
You get to ask me anything in the Zoom
chat. That's the chat I look at. Those
are the people that are on in the inner
circle. Those are the people that I want
to be speaking to. So, if you join the
private live by clicking the link going
to moondev.com,
you get for $5 a $5 foot long, you get
number one, you get the Zoom access.
All right, dude. So, how's it looking
out there?
Oh, that's volatile. Oh,
so hard to hand trade.
Amazon's up 2%.
That's Crazy.
You can't run multi- aents at the same
time.
say safe right now.
Yo, we still locked.
Throw a one in the chat if you're
actually still active here. Throw one in
the chat if you're actually still here.
Locked. Uno.
Two people. Two people are actually
locked. Everybody else bounced. Oracle's
locked. Thomas locked. Nico's locked.
Clank locked. JT locked. Okay. Scale's
locked. Adam locked. Okay. So, we
locked. We We locked here. Sturia
locked. Recklick lock. DJ lock. Okay.
TLS lock. Arasi. Okay. Th Freeman lock.
We locked. Lock. City baby. JT from the
south.
The south. Hard lock. Okay. Sick. We're
locked. We're locked. We're locked. I
was just making sure because we just
took a little little bathroom break. You
know, some people forget to come back
from the bathroom. I know when I went to
the bathroom in high school, I I I
forgot to come back to class. My bad.
Forgot I was in class. I just had to go
to the bathroom.
All right. So,
let's keep it pushing.
Thomas is funny, bro. You're a funny
guy.
Okay. So,
I want to get these all set up now with
one particular thing.
So, we got Mash here.
And I think we should start with her. We
should start with Slim. Slim Cracker.
Let's go ahead and bring her off screen
just for a half a second. Okay, we're
good.
Can you
see in the GitHub we have a RBI agent
PP multi?
One thing I do need to get over there is
the open router.
Yeah, they're each going to need that.
So, let me get to the drive here.
drive.g Google
cloud notes.
I got to get the open router key in
here.
Open router.
So, I need to get the open router key.
And how would I go about that? Well,
I'll just go here and get a open router
key. Open router
docs activity.
Okay. So, they each are going to need a
open router key because what I want to
do is I want to set them up with things
that I've already built. You know,
this is going to be Cracker's
team.
I'll throw them 200 for now and we'll
see how they cook. They got they got a
$200 budget.
>> Yes. Our slogan must be
>> learn baby learn so that we can earn
baby earn.
>> Okay, let's go ahead and say here um
found it. Okay,
put this as your open router key and in
your env.
envi
agents
uh GitHub
and get ready
to
run
this
RBI
agent PP multi. See, I need something
better than this. I can't be writing
that out every time.
I can't be typing that every time.
AI agent GitHub.
Get this as your open router key in the
ENV and get ready to run the
RBI multi
agent PP.
Damn, I feel so slow doing this. I just
need to write it one time here and then
I can copy it over. I just can't copy
from the computer, if that makes sense.
So, like if I'm over on this computer, I
can't copy from here to there, but I can
copy from here to there. So, open
router.
This is your ENV key. I want you to get
ready to work with the AI agent GitHub
that you have access to and we're going
to be using the RBI agent
multi-P.
That's going to be the first file you
run. So, I want you to store this ENV
and then we'll go ahead and
be able to do anything in that AI agent
GitHub. So, I gave her my AI agent
GitHub, which was like the fastest
GitHub in the world. Fastest growing
GitHub in the world. And then I took it
down because cuz my ops sent me here.
That's actually when this all started
with this private Zoom. It's because I
got hacked, dude. They I really made
them so so mad that they hacked me.
It's super cute. It's super cute. I got
the attention of everybody. So, I think
I already won. I think I already won.
So, I think I've already proven that I'm
a better trader than every single quant
you've ever seen on Twitter. I've
already proven that because they're all
pissed at me. They're so pissed that
they had their homies go ahead and hack
me. So, I see why you're here. Much love
to you. Thanks for coming through. 777.
Yours truly, the goat, doctor, future
president, Mundave.
Okay, so done. Open router key is set.
Perfect. So, write me a poem.
Hey, long poem to get this out the
terminal.
Okay, I don't see the RBI agent. It's in
the Munddev AI agents.
It's
in the Moondev AI agents GitHub.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Do you see it?
Okay. And then I'm going to send it to
her. This is her new key here.
Let's see. Because these ones just got
access to the new GitHub. So, she I
think is ready.
Beautiful, dude.
Beautiful. She says, "We don't just
trade, we print money. We re okay we
don't just trade we print money research
back test then get sunny markets may
shake volatility may sway but cracker
and moon devs are here to stay lines of
code algorithms bright chasing profits
through day and night
polar bear we find the edge diamond
hands we never hedge strategy research
back test validate implement execute You
profit accumulate.
The algo sings its electric song.
Through every candle, right
or wrong, it learns, it grows, it
adapts. Collecting gains like valuable
stats. So sit back, watch the orders
flow, watch the portfolio strat.
[__] dude. I [__] it up. It's not
strat. It's start to grow. This is
trading transformed by code. Mundav's
empire on the blockchain
road. Let's get this money. Let's get
this money.
Okay. Want me to save this as a script
or just echo? No, I just want you to
cook this up. So, we good. I want you to
go ahead and I want this is what I want
you to do. I want you to go ahead and um
I want you to come up with 10 ideas of
trading strategies
and put them on that corresponding
txt that feeds the RBI agent PP. And
then I want
uh
you to change the
uh model to use the open router mini max
2.5
and then
run the RBI agent TP multi
with those new ideas. And look at this.
Look at this. Mini Max Mini 2.5. Why the
hell does it work over here, but it
doesn't work over there? I knew I wasn't
tripping. I knew it.
I knew I wasn't tripping, dude.
Hey, so can you go ahead and look into
this? This is our open code. how we've
set up the
miniax and can you confirm that it's
minax 2.5 that we have set up here in
the open claw in the config we're using
open code and I see over there it's
working miniax 2.5 but essentially on my
other things
my other AIS I can't get Miniax 2 M2.5
to start working so I'm doing something
wrong over there but you're doing it
right because it's working so what I
need you to do is confirm that you are
using Miniax M 2.5 through open code
and then just
give me like a
a simple way to implement that over
there like what how is your how's your
router set up? How's the config set up?
You know, if you had to teach somebody
else how to implement it.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Opus. I got Minia Max here. Flash.
Yeah, I was trying to say something
else.
I need you to go ahead and show me how
to implement Miniax 2.5, how you set up
the config and all that because I'm
getting an error on some other AIS and
they can't figure it out. But since you
already have it figured out, you could
just tell me. Okay.
Oh my goodness, dude. What's going on?
Can Am I not Can you not understand me
right now?
Am I not speaking clearly today?
I want to make sure I help you with the
right thing. What the fudgy, bro? Okay,
I'm just going to type because obviously
I can't speak correctly.
Is my my head I have both my headphones
on. Maybe that's why I got the I got the
over the ears. I got the fully locked
headphones on. So maybe I'm yelling.
Maybe I don't know cuz she can't
understand me. So, what I'm going to say
here is I'm going to say I need
I need I'm going to type this. Good
thing I learned how to type. I need you
to give me stepbystep
instructions
on how you are currently
connected to Mini Max 2.5 because I'm
having trouble with my
other AI.
They cannot connect. So just show me how
the config and everything is set up.
Okay. So
gathering up known apps and codes so we
can ST and TTS like Gemini.
>> Your time is limited so don't waste it
living someone else's life.
I don't get it.
So, what are you doing?
I need to read that slower.
FYI for your information gathering up
known apps slashcodes so we so you can
st
and have TTS
touch
dude TTS text to speech
sound to touch
just like Gemini
real time TTS text to speech and speech
to text. Oh, okay. That makes that makes
sense. Okay, so
let's see here. Okay, she gave me a full
instructions here on how to get set up
with Miniax 2.5.
Is anybody using Miniax M2.5 verse
Kimmy? Because Kenny said Kimmy, but I
don't know if we compared it against
Miniax 2.5.
I wonder what is better, Miniax M2.5 or
Kimmy 2.5. And why are they both on 2.5
right now? Little sus. Little sus. Okay,
I checked your GitHub but don't see the
repos yet. The account is empty.
Okay, I got to give you the uh repo.
Let's go ahead and say mundave.com.
GitHub.
That's it.
That's the one. shorty.
Then let's go over to drive here on this
one because I have the
the new things I need.
Claude knows.
I guess I'll do two two miniaxes and two
Kimies just to answer that question
myself.
This shows how to set to uh mini max
correctly.
Please do it. Okay. So, I'm going to
keep mash. I need some way to manage
this. Uh
maybe like a
notion. and
The API key doesn't work.
Really, Adam?
What do you mean here? There's a [__]
ton there. There's a [__] ton there. Is
there like a specific endpoint? It
doesn't work.
What's that
Are you sure about that?
Let's see what Slim says.
Are you using it through open code or
direct? Because that might be the thing.
All three show 403 forbidden. Huh? What?
Yeah, dude. I got some errors coming
through. Thank you.
All liquidations is giving you an error
still.
Maybe it was just a one time pickup.
Yeah, you just got to wait a little bit.
Look like we're healthy. It's just they
sometimes go down or Yeah, maybe a VPN.
Who knows? Maybe too many people hit
them at the same time, but they're back.
Just a little hiccup.
Just a little hiccup. Just a little
hiccup.
Woo! I love this tool. So, thank you.
That was [__] fire. I don't know if
you guys saw what just happened there,
but that was [__] fire. That's how we
build, baby. Build 777. Kelly, he said
there was something broken on the API. I
went I was able to see my monitor. I saw
the things broken, but then I ran it
back and it's like, oh, [__] was broken,
but it was more of a hiccup broken.
Like, it came back to life. I got
self-healing over there. But [__] this
iteration speed is nutty.
Yo, dude.
This is it.
Direct. Miniax hits. Miniax is direct.
No middleman.
That's why.
Okay. So, Slim
Cracker is on the Miniax
2.5 direct
and then these are all on Kimmy
2.5
open code
cuz
I couldn't figure out 2.5
M
mm 2.5
through
open code.
You guys remember that? Do you guys
remember this notation
from like elementary school? I remember
thinking that [__] was so sick. Like
hell yeah. That's so far. Don't have to
say anything. Just quote quote. Same
thing, bro.
I don't know if that's really a thing in
the world or it was just where I'm from,
but cool quote, bro. Cole quote.
So, confirmed mash. Um,
never touch the main. Perfect. Perfect.
Okay, so she has confirmed that she
understands how to work with the GitHub,
which is beautiful. And then she down
here,
this is Mundow's RBI agent.
Okay.
Set up a content environment. Tflow.
Sure. Let's keep it TFlow everywhere. I
don't care. Yes, dude. Same time frame,
bro. Same time frame. Literally same
memory. Same storage.
Uh, same memory storage, dude. The the
triple S. I wish I knew how to build
those. Oh, it's it's literally showing
us
Miniax is free. Yeah, I don't want to
use free though. I don't want to use
free because I'm just going to get hyped
on it.
Yo, good to meet you,
>> baby.
>> Yes. Our slogan must be
learn baby learn so that we can earn
baby earn.
All right, dude. So, let's keep it
pushing. We're good there. I want to see
if she actually started that. Remember,
I sent her off on a project. Slim,
didn't I?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I did. So, she
said she's running. So, I ran her on a
RBI agent PP, which is super sick. And
it essentially just help it just back us
all day. I could show you, but I
probably won't right now.
And she put up these 10 ideas. Threads
are working now. build me a a dashboard
that is super fun, updates every action
and will be a bit chaotic
chaotic
because of the multiple threads.
But that's good. I want I want it
visually
fun as [__] and I want
real data that is useful coming through.
Don't hold back on design or use purple.
And on top of that
of that make sure the header
is
not huge huge
only useful
data dog
actionable
data on the screen
but fun. Okay. So it's going to be
watching this RBI process but building a
data center for not a data center but a
dashboard dashboard dashboard.
Okay. So I figured out the problem here.
So Max Direct this is the only this is
the only way to run Mini Max 2.5 right
now. Okay. Maybe there's other ways. I
mean I just didn't figure it out. So I
want to try everything. So, I'm just I'm
okay with Hey, okay, that didn't work.
Okay, I I want to try [__] Kimmy
anyways. I want to try [__] GLM
anyways. So, you know, toggle this till
I die. Toggle this till I die. Toggle
list till I [__] die. Dude, I'mma
toggle this all the way till I die. I
promise you, I'll just sit here and I'll
toggle this. I love being back on
Notion. Be real. But be real, dude. I
love to be back on Notion. I stepped
out. I had to step out because they
wouldn't let me embed my road map
anymore. I had to make my own thing.
Toggle list. Toggle list is the killer
application.
Don't make me start pitching. Don't make
me start pitching this, dude. Toggle
list is the killer function
for Notion. That's the killer app. It's
a toggle list. That's what it's called.
If you're going to use Notion, if you
don't use toggle list, you're absolutely
cooked. They're the fierest thing in the
world because I can just I can just make
more and more deeper and deeper and I
can keep this nice. And
these red lines are whack, but whatever.
Whatever.
Okay, let's see what she's doing over
here.
Running
She must be cooking something, huh? So,
this is on Slim,
who also goes by Cracker.
But at the end of the day, she's
cooking. We're cooking. We have to cook.
We've got no other choice.
So, she's been running for two minutes.
I hope she's actually doing something.
But it's Kimmy 2. Oh, it's Miniax 2.5.
Okay, sick.
All right. So,
I need you now
to get access to this AI agent GitHub as
well because I want you guys to
all attack this.
But really, I just want a proof of
concept that I'm able to get to GitHub
and all that because I'm going to have
them on three different projects.
get to get this get this in your um
get ready to work on this.
hit this GitHub and follow rules and
then um
go to RBI agent PP multi and
put 10 ideas in the
ideas.txt
corresponding
and run that um agent.
But before that, put a an Excel
type fun dashboard
with flashing inputs when the multi-
agent
start doing things and outputting
things. Make it feel fun like a slot
machine.
But no goofy [__]
Just fire update of what they are doing
and
make it fun.
Okay, so let's go ahead and have her
cook this here. Um, this is a different
computer doing a similar project.
Different computer doing a similar
project.
Yeah, bro. You're using Codex. Codex is
cooked, dude.
I'm just kidding.
What? What are you What are you looking
for? What call are you making?
Tell me what API calls you're trying to
make and uh I'll try to help you out
cuz it seems like all the end points are
running clean on my side. But
but maybe they're not. Just like let me
know the API endpoint you're calling and
I'll uh test it out as well. So let's go
here.
Let me see because I did make some
changes. So,
very well could be just all [__] up
right now.
Let's go ahead here and go to the uh tab
where I have the hyperlquid data layer.
It's right here actually.
Let's put the API key in here.
Can you test these end points
with this
uh
specific
API key? Okay, let's go ahead and put
the API key in there.
Jesus.
[__] it. You could see it.
You can have it, bro.
We are making these exact calls from
many.
Um, thank you, dude. Thank you. This is
perfect.
It's very, very helpful.
There is a user that is running into
errors here. So, I just want to double
check to see what's going on and then
just send me back anything I need to
send to the API side and I'll get it
fixed ASAP.
Cooking
And then I got the open claws on the
other computers. I love that they're not
competing for resources. There's
something about that, dude. Okay, so
they got a dash here that she made a
dashboard for us.
Imagine you had everything you wanted.
Everything.
Imagine you were everything you ever
wanted to be.
and capture that feeling.
>> That's the easiest way to manifest what
you want.
>> It worked for one second and then died.
Dash refuses
connection. No,
mash is still working. Mash is still
working, but
you know, she can keep working. I got
mad things to do, dude. I got mad things
to do. Okay, so where was she? Okay,
she's down here.
All right, here's the full breakdown.
The key is valid, but there's two
distinct issues.
Um, valid API key required.
401 unauthorized. Valid API key
required.
Are you part of Quant Elite, Adam?
Cuz
this one is forbidden.
Bulk download is available to quantity
members only.
But this one
authorization bearer.
This is liquid. Binance liquidations.
Let's see here. Issue one. O format. The
API only accepts X API header for API
key query params. Authorization bearer
is not supported. Okay. If min's code is
using bearer format, that's why. Tier
two, the Mundv stream is valid and works
on standard endpoints, but the
liquidation bulk Binance liquidations
endpoint requires quantity access. This
user's key doesn't have that tier, so
they get the 403. Okay, so that's issue
number two. But it looks like I there is
this issue. So, I'm going to go ahead
and fix this.
HL node here. Let's cook, dude. Let's
keep cooking.
All right. You could
uh
you can see there there's no error when
it comes to the 403s.
bulk downloads are it's clear in the
docs that it's only available for Quant
Elite. Um but the first part endpoint
one it looks like there might be a
little update you need to make. This is
feedback from a real user using the API
right now and um
we just need to fix that endpoint one
and then go ahead and relaunch things I
think.
Let's see, dude. Let's see.
don't remember. This is my first day.
Welcome, dude.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Yeah, you probably just don't have
access to that. It's okay. Um, I'll
spend a little bit of time. Oh, it's 12.
It's the end of the day right now.
Sorry, guys. Sorry for going over here.
Let me spend 10 minutes going over how
to get the API key for life and to get
Quantite. What you're running into is
you don't have Quantite. quantity is
just like the everything package. But um
I'm going to go ahead and spend 10
minutes because I am over on time
already, but I've got a lot more to do.
So lock in. This will take 10 minutes to
go over everything. Uh we've got open
claws, we got claws, we got everything,
dudes. So I'll spend 10 minutes going
over this because I do see Adam is
looking for the
bulk download of
liquidation data. So, of course, he
wants that because if you go to Coin
Glass, this is going to cost you
$10,000,
$900 a month, and they give you 12 days,
which is insane, dude. Insane. 12 days
of data. API.
12 days of data. Where is it? Where's
the pricing at, bro? API pricing.
Okay. So, $8,388
per year and you get 12 days of one
minute liquidation data.
That's crazy.
I got 18 months plus 18 months plus that
you get mundave.com/doccks.
Now, this is for the free one. It's
obvious that you can't get that
quantity only. So your your API key must
end in underscore QE
18 months plus of Binance future
liquidation data. So I give you I give
you give you this as a bonus if you do
join. So here's what you get.
Moonup.com/win.
Okay, you're going to get all of this.
I'm going to show you exactly how to
automate your trading step by step. Take
you from a hand trader to an automated
trader, everything in between. I'll show
you how to code if you don't know how to
code. I'll show you how to use AI if you
don't know how to use AI. I'll show you
how to find really great strategies.
I'll show you how to see if those
strategies actually work in the past.
And if they work in the past, I'll show
you how to build a bot to trade them in
the future. So, for obvious reasons,
your liquidations are probably much more
expensive than $3,000. So, this is a
$3,000 value at the minimum. But on top
of that, I give you my AI master classes
where I show you how to have AI do all
the heavy lifting for you. So, even if
you don't know how to code, you're going
to be able to build for any exchange
with the ALGO Trade Camp. You're going
to be able to use AI to do the heavy
lifting. you're going to be able to
build on Solana. This was so so hard to
build for and I make it so so easy for
you. The same thing with Poly Market.
This is another $2,000 value because I
show you how to build on a market that
has infinite
infinite markets that nobody is playing
around with yet, especially with bots.
So, I give you all of this in the this
lifetime all access. Never pay me again
for anything, including all of the Zoom
calls. You never have to pay for those.
That's just a nice little bonus. But on
top of that, you get Quantite. This is
what Adam was asking for earlier. If you
want the data, you're going to get that,
too. Because not only am I going to give
you Quantite, Quantite is a $300 a month
package. $3,564
a year. We have a lot of people in here
that are paying this right now. So, this
is your opportunity to get lifetime. But
on top of that, you get the Mundav
Vault. The Mundav Vault is where I put
all of my past streams that YouTube made
me take off. and then the mood API key.
And you saw it's a $10,000 value at the
minimum. So these are just bonuses. I
want you to get caught up to speed with
me. I'll spend 10 minutes at the end of
the day going over this. That's it. If
you want to get inside, you want
everything I know about courses,
everything that I literally figure out,
I put in these courses. I put them in
the courses and then I give you all my
data because you become an asset to our
community if you get caught up to speed
with me. So I give you the API key for
life. You get hyperlquid data layer. You
get that liquidation data in the past.
You get my trading by GitHub that I'm
adding to my open clause right now. This
is 100 plus extra back test. Quantite
has 300 bots and back tests here. I give
you all pretty much all of my code
that's good in these GitHubs. Two
GitHubs. There's 20 plus AI agents. This
is another $5,000 bonus at the minimum.
But on top of that, you get to see
everybody's positions now with the Quant
app, Moondev app. You get lifetime
access to everything I dropped. It's a
$48,000 value. And I'm not going to
charge you all that. Even though I do
give you something transformational, I
hold your hand step by step in the
process of manual trader,
maybe using too many emotions, trading
too much, and losing money to a fully
automated trader. So, I'll teach you how
to code. I'll teach you how to build
bots. I'll teach you how to back test.
I'll teach you how to find really great
ideas. That's all in the ALGO Trade
Camp. And then you get the AI master
classes, the Salana copybot course. This
stuff each section took me six months to
a year to even figure out how to build.
And then I refine it and I make it so
easy for you. So the way I look at this,
this is 5 years of what I know distilled
down into short
concise
videos and you get all of the code.
And then I make the bonuses so so nice.
You get the vault. These videos aren't
anywhere else. If you want to dive deep
into
building maybe on Solano or AI agents or
whatever it may be or like somebody DJ
was saying earlier the gradical
evolution stuff that's that type of
approach to trading is so underground
and it's not on YouTube. It's not even
on my YouTube anymore. I took it off. I
had to I was getting strikes left and
right. Wall Street doesn't want me to
share this. That's why we're in a
private Zoom now. So,
you can get the whole Munda vault just
as a bonus.
And then Quantite is gamechanging. So,
if you're in Quantite paying $3,000 a
year right now, please do take me up on
this. I'm not going to charge you
$24,000 either, even though I should.
122,000 is appropriate. You know,
that's what everybody else is charging
for financial stuff.
Even 7,000. I mean, if you got one if
you you got to a place where you went
from hand trader to having one
profitable trading bot, wouldn't it be
worth $7,000?
Easy.
Onetime payment of $1,500. Go to
moonab.com/go.
If you want in, you can get in. If not,
that's fine, too.
You have a three payment option or you
can just go ahead and jump in fully.
Just step on the gas. There's plenty of
ways to pay for it. You got cash, you
got credit, you got whatever you need
here. Uh, Clara, you have all of the
opportunity in the world. But if you
want to get caught up to speed with me,
>> baby build,
>> if you want to build, baby, build.
>> Yes. Our slogan must be learn baby learn
so that we can earn, baby, earn.
>> Learn, baby, learn so we can earn, baby,
earn. So, I've just been on loop for 5
years and attacking Jim Simons
viciously. and everything I figure out I
put inside of one of these courses. But
I'm I'm just too busy to have 18
courses. And if you want everything I
have, including the APIs, including the
data, including the apps, including just
everything, this is lifetime access to
everything. So think of it as a $15,000
investment in yourself to go from hand
trader to automated trader. And you have
90 days to see if it's worth it. So you
don't even have to really decide right
now. Just relax, bro.
Jump in, see what it's about, and you
have 90 days to decide.
Our money back guarantee is robust.
We've had hundreds of people go through
here just like you and gone from hand
trader to fully automated and you can
see what they have to say. So, go to
mundave.com/go
right now if you are interested in
joining. Otherwise,
I got so so much to build and I'm
building for AI now. I'm sorry. I showed
you guys everything
and in this lifetime offer,
you get the distilled version. Because
if you haven't been here locked in in
the chat like I have, I'm the only one
that has been for 5 years, then you're
missing a lot. If somebody knows
something you don't know, you better pay
them for that knowledge or you really
don't care about your time, do you?
Because you can fiddle around. You're
locked right now, right? I asked a bit
ago. You guys said you were locked
still. You're still here. You still know
that hand trading is a is something
that's going to wreck you, waste all
your time, lose your life. You're still
here. You're still locked.
I don't think you're one of those guys
that will lock in for three hours, then
be like, "Oh, no. It's it's too
expensive. Let me go ahead and gamble
for the rest of the day. Lose 1,500
twice.
No, dude. You know, it's the only way.
And the best thing about it, worst case
scenario, you have some hard skills. I
mean, that's how I looked at it. I was
like, I know this endeavor is going to
be hard. 5 years ago when I met bro who
was trading a billion dollars a day. He
was algo trading, but he was just a
dude. And I was like, oh snap. I heard
of Jim Simons before, but I never met
somebody that's just like a bro. He was
smoking a joint on the couch with the
windows open and the air conditioning
blasting.
I was like, "What the hell are you up
to?" My uh realtor was taking me to see
a place.
I was just distracted like, "Why is this
guy chilling here? Why are you up in
here smoking a joint in the first place?
Why are the windows open and the air
condition on? Come on. You're just
blowing cash." His computer was just
going kind of flashing like, "What are
you He's like, "Oh, I'm an algo trader.
Algo trader." Like, "Yeah,
I do a billion dollars a day in volume."
And this was the same time where I was
trading with leverage just getting
liquidated, but that's all I needed. All
I needed to see see was somebody really
doing this, not somebody far off like
Jim Simons or Citadel. Of course, they
know something we don't know. Of course,
their blood is like [__] neon and
ours is just red. Mere mortals, dude.
Like sometimes you just have to to meet
somebody and just be like, "Okay, wow.
You could do that. I can definitely do
that." So I hope I I hope I've inspired
some of you here by um
you see I'm just a normie too, dude. I
didn't know how to code. I was scared.
I was scared. But now I believe code is
a great equalizer because I feel so so
confident that I can never lose ever
again.
Because as long as you have a couple
ideas and you know how to code, you
could build for the rest of your life.
Now, right now, I'm applying it to algo
trading. But dude, if I quit algo
trading today, guess what? I could build
anything. I could I could build
anything. I can do anything because I
know how to code. So that's how I looked
at this whole thing. I was like, man,
you want to really sit down and learn to
code because that's going to take a
while. I said, "Well, I mean, worst case
scenario, if all the algo trading stuff
doesn't work out, I know how to code.
So, as a trader, it's like, am I going
to trade a few months of my time to
learn this coding stuff so I can
automate my trading, or do I just keep
trading by hand? That's not working out
for me. I'm getting liquidated. I'm
spending all my time sharing these
charts. Dude, you don't get your time
back." I just hate it. I hate it. I hate
it because there's so many ambitious
people. the people that are in change
the world. The people that look around
and they look at their hometown friends
and they're like, "Damn, I'm the one.
Nobody else wants to do this with me." I
used to always try to get my friends to
do whatever. You know, I spent $2,000
when I was broke. I was in college. I
spent $2,000 on a course to learn how to
build apps.
Eventually, I first put $15,000 to build
that first app. Told everybody it was
going to be fire and they told me it was
trash. and so did the market. So 17K
I burned the boats because I knew that
was the way people were making cash off
apps. Okay. So I I bought somebody's
knowledge. I accelerated two years. I
made my own mistakes and then I built my
own system and then I ran up M's and
that was the first entry to big
business. Of course, I was fiddling
around on the computer through college
and high school, but that was like big
business. And the only reason I was able
to do that is because I purchased
somebody's knowledge.
They made it clear. They knew what they
were talking about. And then I was like,
"Yeah, I'm in. You're two years ahead of
me. Let me spend 2K to learn this real
quick." And then I did. And then I ran
it up.
Then I did it again. I bought some
Shopify courses. I bought some Facebook
ad courses. do anything that I need to
know. If you know it, I'm paying you
because I value my time.
That's why like this rhetoric around
openclaw and like what's better to run
like is it should you do should you do
local or should you do [__]
APIs? Like I'm paying every single time
because if you run local it's three
times slower. This is the a small small
window. It's a major major arbitrage.
The VCs they're paying for the AI. So
why wouldn't we use their AI? It's
cheaper. It's subsidized and I can go
three times faster if I pay for it. So,
I'm a big-time API AI guy and I just
can't relate with those that are running
local models to save $40 a month. I
can't because I value my time at $1,000
an hour. So, $1,000 an hour for five
years. You get the distilled version of
everything I figured out for 1,500
bucks. That's crazy. Plus, you can pick
the three payment option.
And you know that you don't have to make
a decision here today. You got 90 days.
Jump in. Become a informed buyer, not
somebody who just buys everything and
just runs around.
So let's lock in, dude. And if you have
any questions, feel free to h chat here.
Um you can see all the people like
yourself that found me somehow someway.
Uh the people in the other public chat,
they're always going to cope. They're
always going to say, "Oh, you can't sell
this stuff." But bro, I can. And I have
to because I share this every single day
and people come to me saying, "Moon, how
do I get started? Moon, can you put a
course together? I have to. I have to
sell it. If you guys are going to pay me
for my knowledge, I know something you
don't know. I'm 5 years deeper than you.
So, if you actually want to automate
your trading, you can tinker for the
next five years.
I'll be on year 10. But remember,
there's I got eyes every single day. I
got eyes on me. There's 30 people in the
Zoom. There's 20 people in the public. I
got eyes on me all day. Every project
that I go after, guess what? I get so
many tips. You've seen my mind blown
here today by you guys in the Zoom. So
many tips that I wouldn't have thought
about. Now compound that by five years
every single day.
And then think like, yo, am I really
going to attack this automated trading
by myself when Moon has literally been
here for five years? And he's figured
out some secrets that are going to take
me five years, but probably 15. Cuz
remember, he's surrounded by all these
engineers. He's surrounded by people who
used to work at RENT. He's surrounded by
people that are at Citadel right now.
It's It's going to be tough to catch up
if you don't know what I know. But if
you go to moonv.comgo,
I'll teach you absolutely everything I
know. And if I ever drop anything in the
future, which I probably will, you get
access to it. This is all time, all
access, 1500.
Yeah, let's get it. Okay, you heard
enough. Much love to you. Moonab.com/go.
If you have questions, let me know. I am
um I'm passionate about helping you guys
learn this stuff because this is the
thing that got me to finally learn to
code. I tried so many times to learn to
code, but it's like [__] that. Just
going to go hire someone.
But after doing that and spending
hundreds of thousands of dollars working
with developers on Upwork, it's very
clear. If you want to automate your
trading, good luck trying to hire
somebody. You got to iterate to success.
Hard game. You're cooked if you pay
somebody. Sorry, dude. It's true.
It's true, bro. It's true. It's true.
It's true. It's true.
So cash here I can see that you have set
this up mini properly. Okay. Also I need
to create that. Okay. I want to see how
she's doing over here.
Okay. Local host should be working now.
Nice.
So this is cracker here.
Let's close this for now.
Waiting for idea.
T1 T2 choice, right? You just decide
what it's going to be, who you're going
to be, how you're going to do it. Just
decide. And then from that point, the
universe is going to get out your way.
It's like it's water. It wants to it
wants to move and go around stuff, you
know.
>> Can you keep adding more when they run
out? So, build some sort of cron or
autonomous
thing to keep going all day.
And make sure that the
there is some output at the bottom that
um
shows past stuff
in a fun way. Okay. So, yo, Art, what's
up, bro?
How are you, dude?
Why I had to lock in?
Get it.
And let's see what Shortyy's up to down
here. Okay, she's good on cash. I want
to go ahead and see what There's killer.
I want you to run it.
Add ideas to the TXT and then build the
dashboard.
Dashboard
out as mentioned.
Can you use custom indicators from Trade
View with a Python BS or SI MACD are
okay? But I got the sauce. Yeah, dude.
I actually show that in the algo trade
camp. So the algo trade camp, I show you
how to convert anything from pine script
to Python. Easy, easy, easy. But you're
going to be able to take off after this,
dude. If you join this, you will know
everything I know and that answer will
be answered before you even type it.
That's the beautiful thing about this,
dude. I put everything together step by
step
just so you can get caught up to speed
with me and then you can blow past me
because you don't have to go ahead and
you don't have to talk through things.
Elitebound, let's get it.
Let's get a
So, she's doing something here
and I should do it like this. So I This
is getting fun though. This is like,
okay, the game has begun. Now it's just
build billion-dollar use cases.
That's it.
Love that dash. Appreciate you. I like
the two better. I like the two better.
Yo, I was wondering though, have you are
you using the open code miniax
2.5 or direct
RBI dash? Baby, Mr. Pushup pole. Let's
get it
because I was only able to get Miniax
2.5
going.
I was only able to get it going through
um Miniax directly. So the open code
just kept like it worked for 2.1 but not
for any others.
Not for 2.5 specifically.
Not all the others worked like Kimmy
2.5. I'm going to give me 2.5 right now.
Hall of Fame past results. All right,
let's get it. RBI dashboard. Let's get
it. Okay, so Hall of Fame. Okay, new
ideas. Want me to add even more? Yeah.
So the thing is is all I see is this.
Oh, I can't do type [__] like that. I
can't do that type of [__] Fityy.
Can't even do that. Yeah. [__] me. [__]
me. [__] me. Yeah. The thing
is I know you you started. I can't
believe we used to type. This feels
archaic. Feels [__] archaic, dude.
Feels archaic typing all day. I know you
started this. I know you started it, but
why do all the things say waiting for
idea when it says up top that there are
14 ideas? This got to be This got to be
cleaner.
It's got to be cleaner, baby. Cleaner.
Let me check the docs. Damn, dude. I
should have checked the docs.
[__]
both.
There's no templates directory
dashboard template. Okay.
So she added those
agents.txt.
Nah gang.
Nah.
So there is that RBI agents PP multi
the ideas.txt txt that one is connected
to is where the ideas should be. And
remember your rules
like with like cracker did
then run the RBI agent PP multi
with those ideas.
It's a script gang
can run and it calls your open router.
Make sure that's on miniax
2.5.
What are you doing?
Agent is running 10 threads. Let me fix
the dash.
Bro, stop the agents until you confirm
the dash works.
Based on open router typical naming
convention, Miniaax models are similar.
Let's update the RBI agent.
Okay, there we go. So now now she's
cooking.
I need way more color to this though.
>> Take this. I bought some hollow just for
your homeboy.
I really respect Pump Fun for that.
That's the only thing I respect him for.
Like, I love how fun they made this
finance stuff cuz we're definitely on
the We're definitely aligned with the
fun, the
the flashing lights. Make it more fun.
It's already a casino. might as well
make it look like a [__] slot
machine.
It's just more fun. It's finance is
boring.
It's actually not. But
it's actually not boring when you're in
the game, but you
Okay, so I've got these set up now and
now I just tinker for the rest of my
life. So, um, if you want to go ahead
and join, you can join mundab.comgo.
Uh, do you suggest all the quant elites
make their own RBI dashboard?
[__] dude. I don't know.
All I recommend is inside of the boot
camp. I I just don't like I don't know
what path. I don't want to lead anybody
down a path other I just want to give
you all everything I know and then let
you go down your own path. Making your
own dashboard. If you're insinu
insinuating you want me to send you over
the dashboard. I don't know if it's in
my GitHub yet, but it's not even we're
not cooked yet. We're not cooked yet.
We're not cooked. I will push this
actually. So I think this is going to be
in the GitHub which is nice. Um
but I'm just tinkering right now. So
it's not very effective. You know,
that's the one thing is
I don't know. I feel like the videos are
the best bet to get you up to speed on
what I actually think is helpful, but
these streams, I don't want to lead you
guys boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You
know what I'm saying? Like, I'mma try
this, try this, try this, try this, try
this, try this. And I'm testing,
testing, testing. But if you're just
getting started with automated trading,
I would just I would try to take this
structure first. And then once you get
through all the structure, then you'll
be able to pick your path and be able to
keep up with the like, oh, moon's doing
this and moon's doing that and moon's
doing like it's tough. It's tough to
keep up here in the stream because
tomorrow I might be 100% on Poly Market,
you know? So, it's just like
I think this is good for everybody
because I'm able to test things rapidly
and then try to distill them down into
video trainings that I'll put into the
lifetime package for
for this uh models.dev is a
comprehensive open-source database of
Okay, thank you. I'm gonna go ahead and
see if I can get that cooking.
All right, the RBI dash is getting
better.
This is 2.5.
Miniax 2.5 direct so far has been a very
clean experience.
Not as clean thus far, I would say. I
haven't got the dashboard up yet.
Can you get the dashboard
up
and then start
cooking? Because I just got to answer
these myself. Really, these questions I
have, you got to see how they work with
your workflow.
So far, Miniax direct is the way,
but let's go ahead and use Art's idea
here of how to connect Miniaax regular
or the other way, whatever.
Okay. So, let's say here,
this should guide you on how to get Mini
Max 2.5 going through
open code.
I keep saying I'm going to leave, but
I'm not. I'm not leaving. Sorry.
Why are you asking me permission for
anything?
You don't need permission, bro. It's
literally the point.
Yeah. Tui is so much better, dude. I
can't believe people use that janky ass
other thing. Dude,
that thing was awful. It was like
embarrassing that people were so hyped
on Open Claw with that being the chat.
The 2I is game changing. The 2E is game
changing. So much nicer than that game
that this [__] was whack.
Whack was so whack. I'd never want to
see that page again. I'm embarrassed to
represent Open Claw with that page. Why
is it so bad? Start.
Why is there like built-in chat so ugly
and so like weird? I don't know. You
good?
Maybe I need to restart the Damon
though.
See, I'm not cooking here, dude. I'm not
cooking. So, what's the restart?
So, do you think there's like a limit or
something? Ah, no. What is it? You see
what I'm saying, Art? Look at this. This
is what we've been running into all day
when it when we switched to Miniax 2.5,
but then I switched to 2.1 and it works
again.
So, that's like And then I also used
2.53 and it works. But for
Miniax 2.5, it's just not cooking for
me. Not working.
And I'm curious why.
Let's switch back.
Do benchmark on speed and rate limits.
What? What does that have anything to do
with that?
[__] you mean, bro? Do benchmark? What
the hell? What does that even mean?
A minute 33. I said you good. She should
say, "Yeah, I'm good." She said she she
But she's not She's not saying, "Yeah,
I'm good." She's saying, "A minute 34.
Minute 44.
Let's go ahead and switch to GLM to 4.7
cuz I'll have Kimmy on one of them. This
way I'll have all three models. Yes,
there we go. That's the play.
So, GLM 4.7 here. Copy.
Switch to this model.
Please
switch to this model. Please, please,
please.
All right, let's see if GLM cooks.
Oh, but maybe I didn't do the restart.
I don't think that's actually needed, is
it?
Cuz it says GLM 4.7 here. Like it picks
it up.
Okay, so GLM works, dude.
I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill.
You might have more talent than me. You
might be smarter than me, but if we get
on a treadmill together, right? There's
two things. You're getting off first or
I'm going to die.
>> It's really that simple.
GLM 4.7 through open code.
So that's what we're going to do. We're
going to have GLM 4.7. We're going to
have Miniax 2.5. And then we're going to
have Kimmy 2.5.
But honestly,
Kimmy
not cooking
not cooking.
Okay. But let's give that same exact
prompt here. This is a good little test,
dude.
So, what I want you to do, shorty, is
this. I got to type it all out to you.
No, no, I wrote it down somewhere.
Did I though?
That's the real question.
No, I didn't. So, I'm gonna type it out.
I'm going to say
the AI agents GitHub
under
agents
there is the RBI agent PP multi that you
see
there should be an ideas.txt txt in that
it that it that it's calling.
I want you to build a system that
populates
10 ideas there of trading strategies
Jim Simons
would test
and then launch the RBI
agent PP multi.
to run. But first, make a slot machine.
Type fun
pump fun hella colors
tracker
dashboard
where I can see the ideas the RBI agent
is working on and the
stats
it gets from the final back test.
So build and launch that dashboard
and then also make sure to use mini max
2.5
through open router for that uh Python.
Jeez, dude, my typing is so bad she's
not even going to understand it. Python
um
that Python RBI TV multi
process.
Okay, let's see if she can cook. So,
this is GM 4.7. You can see that um this
other Kimmy 2.5 just finally finished.
So, she might be a little slower, but
she did it. She did it. Let's see if
it's fire, though.
If it's actually fire.
Kimmy, show yourself.
No purple, please. And make sure that it
is showing me the intra
um process updates.
meaning I want to see what they are
working on and then that data at the
bottom. I don't need the top bar with
that fluff data [__] I want it all
to be fire and fun. more.
Okay, let's go see what she can cook up
there. This Kimmy 2.5 verse GLM 4.7
I got two computers. They got caffeine
on them.
This is killer and this is cash.
I'm way over on time today. I'm sorry.
Mash, what is she doing?
Holy hell, dude.
Holy hell. What is Kimmy 25 doing over
here, dog? Look at this.
I said this 47 minutes ago.
That was 47 minutes ago.
No, no, no, no. You can't do that
anymore. Shorty, what happened?
You cooked or what?
What happened, bro? 47 minutes.
Did you see yourself?
Yeah, you need to get to work, shorty.
Yeah, you need to get to work. Ah, the
clone failed because it's asking for
credentials. Since I have the GitHub
token, I should use the authenticated.
Let me try cut. Yeah, Mash, we got to
keep it. I didn't know we had to keep an
eye on them. So, I got MASH over here.
She's one computer here with um Kimmy
25, but GLM's better. GLM's better so
far because she's faster.
I don't know. I don't know. Max Mini is
the best. Mini 2.5. Art was spot on. So,
shout out to Art. Shout out to Art. I
don't know how to use it through open
code, but shout out to Art.
I mean, can you uh
can you add an activity
feed that is
on the right side and looks like
terminal
cuz I really don't know if this is
actually running.
says 21 process.
I don't see anything in the hall of
fame. I just need something on the left
side left side bar that is outputting
constantly so I can know where is at.
like this is cool and all, but I just
don't know if you're working working
Miniax 2.5. Let's see. Hey, we got um
Kimmy 25 there. And we got uh GLM47
here.
I got to say, Miniax has stolen the show
thus far.
She cooked the hardest.
Kimmy 2.5 did her job.
She did her job.
And then GLM 4.7 gave us a pump fake. I
was hyping her up for half a second. Now
she's gone again. So, we'll see.
I want all of these running my main
agents. Why wouldn't I? Why wouldn't I
have them all on the RBI? I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
Dashboard is up now. Let me commit. All
okay. Kimmy's doing something over here.
GLM's cooking, but she been sitting here
for six minutes.
Don't run with the pack. If everyone is
trying to solve the same problem or a
whole group of people, if that's the
latest and greatest thing to do, don't
do that. Do something original. Don't
follow the pack.
>> There we go. Live activity. I like this.
So, Miniax 2.5 for the win. Like, hands
down so far.
So, I gotta say that it's better to
right now, just based off of what I've
seen, it's better to connect directly to
Miniax than use Open Code. Even though
Open Code is sick and you can connect to
Kimmy and all this stuff, Kimmy is just
slow as [__]
GLM slow as [__] too. Seven minutes.
Miniax. Miniax is cooking. But is speed
what you need? Maybe not. Let's see what
the quality is looking like. Miniax
still win went in the quality tab if you
ask me. So far, so far. I mean, look at
the top left. That's Miniax direct. Top
right. This bunky bunk. Bad prompt
maybe, but that's Kimmy. And down here,
GLM stuck like a [__] scaredy pants.
It's cooking again.
Okay, there we go. Kill his RBI agent.
Okay. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope.
Kimmy. Kimmy for the win. Kimmy for the
win. Kimmy for the win, baby. Open code,
Zen. Kimmy for the win.
I'm not scared to be wrong, dog. I'm
not. I promise you. Promise you I'm not
scared to be wrong. I'm going be wrong
whether I'm right, but I'm going to be
wrong so much. I'm gonna be right
sometimes. That's it. I don't care. I
don't care to be right or wrong. I don't
care. The end of the day, you just got
to keep taking shots. I don't know.
People say this, they say that. He says
Kimmy. He says [__] M2, M5, M [__]
six, Claude, whatever. I don't care.
Patra date the dog. Kimmy for the win.
Kimmy for the win. This is sicker. I
like the shaky. I mean, maybe it's a
better prompt. Maybe it's a better
prompt. I like this dash better than the
other dash. Even though it's maybe not
as cool,
we have gotten new dashes here set up.
So, we've done some cool things today.
This is fun. I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm afraid I could be here all day doing
this, and I probably will be. So, we got
Killer's RBI agent ready. We got the RBI
dashboard.
Yep. Kenny said, "Yep."
[__] fire.
Real time agent logs. So, she took a
minute, but she cooked. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Dude, that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I was I was starting to hit a side
eye like, "What's going on here? What's
the longevity behind this?" Okay. [__]
It's not working very cleanly, but we're
cooking. We are cooking. We are cooking.
We are cooking. Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the new world. We don't just
use one computer anymore. We use three,
maybe four. I don't know. I'm going to
keep buying computers. That's I That is
what I'm convinced on here today.
RBI slot machine. Chill, chill, shorty.
Chill.
Chill on all that, bro. Chill. Chill.
Chill,
chill, girl.
I want it to take elements of slot
design for funness,
not actually make it a slot machine.
remove all purples
and make sure there is a super fun feed
of what the RBI agents are actually
doing.
And make sure to contain your code
in the agents
section of the AI agents GitHub. And
like Cracker
and Killer did,
did did they made their own folder?
So remake this dashboard to be more
informative
and not an actual slot machine.
Don't hold back on design or fun. One of
the parts should be a fun um output
log.
Okay, it looks like they're done here.
completed back test down here.
So, it looks like we have a bug to be
honest.
Looks like we have a bug. The um
activity is still outputting but all the
instances
show idle.
Oh, and this dude.
Also, you need to make an environment.
You need to uh
install all the packages
needed so she can run. Gang,
one completed.
You need to make this You need to make
this autonomous so new ideas keep
getting in there. It says
it's waiting now.
So that's when you need to add more
ideas. Never have these stop. Okay. So,
I got some updates for the This is so
sick. Having multiple computers, dude.
This is really, really interesting
workflow that I've never had in my
entire life. Nobody's had this. So, this
is literally groundbreaking stuff you're
seeing here. How to work with three
different computers. Have you ever seen
this before? I haven't. I've never used
three different computers at the same
time. Four. I'm using four computers cuz
my computer and I've been working on
these three. And I got another one right
here. Have you ever seen this before or
worked with this many computers at the
same time? No, I can answer that. No,
you haven't.
You haven't. And we haven't had AI. This
is just groundbreaking stuff every day.
I love it. I love it. Thank you, fam.
Thank you. So sick. So sick. So so sick,
dude.
Okay, this is better.
Active processing. Okay. optimizing
more fun up top with what's
being worked on. Don't need it to just
say
18 parallel.
That's an opportunity
for fun cards or flashing something
about what's going on. And look up top
left, dude. She's working. She figured
out how to auto refill so it never runs
out. Beautiful. So, she's going to auto
refill that ideas.txt. And you have
access to all of this code, which is
crazy.
Yeah, this is We're accelerating, dude.
We're accelerating. I better chill out.
I better slow down. I don't want I don't
want them to be left behind. If you
don't want to be left behind, join the
lifetime all access or else you're going
to be left behind and forever poor.
I don't make the rules. mundave.com.
Moonv.com/go.
And that's how you're going to get
access to everything. But I have so my
brain is going [__] crazy today
because now we're cooking. Okay, I know
I baited you guys for 3 4 days with all
those little fun little short videos,
but dude,
we're here now.
She has access to one of the most
powerful GitHubs when it comes to AI
agents in the entire world. She by them
three four, dude. Come on. Lock in.
System is fully autonomous now. So,
she's going to keep running. Beautiful.
>> So, I think my overall still
>> No, it's it's what's called machine
learning.
So, you find
things that are predictive. You might
guess, oh, such and such
should be predictive, might be
predictive, and you test it out in the
computer. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.
You test it out on longterm historical
data and uh price data and other things.
And then you add to the system this if
it if it works. And if it doesn't, you
you throw it out. So there aren't
elaborate equations.
>> Nothing elaborate around here, guys.
>> Nothing elaborate. Just lock in longer
than me. But you can't you can't lock in
longer than me. You're behind. I want to
get you caught up to speed, but if you
don't want to, then [__] off, dude.
Let's lock in.
Don't spend 3 hours here and just decide
to go back to the old way because the
old way, they're cooked. The quants out
there that think there can't be new
entrance, they're [__] cooked.
They're still thinking about your boy
every single day. Oh, Mundev can't do
this. Oh, Mundave can't do that. I could
do anything, dude. And I will show you
everything. I could do anything. I could
figure out anything. Anything. Anything.
anything. And I will I will continue to
come up with new ideas and explore until
I can't explore anymore until I'm I
can't even stand it anymore, dude. I
promise you. I'm going to keep cooking.
I'm going to keep cooking every single
day. If you want lifetime access to
everything you want to learn how to
automate your trading step by step,
boom. That's a $3,000 value. If you want
to get up to speed with me in AI, dude,
$1,000 value is light. Solana copy bots,
poly market bots. I'll show you how to
build all of those. Lifetime access to
everything quantally as well. That's 300
plus back tests. It's 1,500 bucks, but
you're actually changing the way you
trade for the rest of your life. So, if
you're done with getting liquidated,
dude, join right now. Moonab.com/go.
It's one payment. You can use CLA. You
can use credit. You can go ahead and
have three payments. I'll be the bank.
I'll be the bank. But, you know, I'm
charging you $25 a month here.
If you do the math, I will give you a
loan, but I'm charging your ass $25.
Probably better than credit cards. So,
you're really feeling it tight right
now. At least join the boot camp.
Everything's backed by 100% money back
guarantee. No questions asked.
Let me clear all the process ideas and
restart. Okay. Okay. So, you can see the
invite. Okay. It's it's better now. It's
better with warnings. warnings up that
wazu. Get these [__] warnings on my
face.
I have so many reasons I can't be an
automated trader. I didn't I didn't
learn math. I did go to Stanford. Oh,
I'm not ready yet. Mundave, I'll join
you in a couple months. Mundave's going
to be on the [__] moon in a
month, dude. You can't keep up.
If you say you're gonna join later,
you're cooked because you can only join
right now and you got 90 days to see if
it's actually worth it
because any day now you see it, bro. Any
day there's going to be a day I just I
just disappeared, bro. Why? What am I
doing? Why am I sharing everything? I
share for 5 years and I still have to
[__] deal with [__]
every single day. I don't need to deal
with [__] bro. I'm chilling.
I've already made it to the island. I've
already got the crib. I've already got
the knowledge that you don't have, but I
would love to give it to you.
I'm not going to sit here and beg you to
join, though. There's a 90-day money
back, no questions asked guarantee. You
found me somehow. I commend you for
that. You're a data dog.
So, as a data dog, you know that you can
go search for the data that I already
know or just go ahead and take five
years and unpack it into a couple
months. I show you everything. I've
showed all these people everything.
People that are even ahead of me when it
comes to coding. I've helped them out.
A lot of nuances, dude, that I know and
you don't know. And I would like to tell
you about them in short, concise videos.
I can't teach you here on this live.
Never. No, of course not. I'm chasing
Jim Simons.
I got a lot a lot a lot on my plate. So
that's why it's a one time all access.
If you pay me, you get access to
everything forever. So if something
comes out in the future, I don't have to
use my brain on it. You got access. You
don't have to use your brain on it. You
got access. It's all access. Lifetime
1,500. That's crazy.
Especially when you look at the
payments, dude. You could get this way
down with CLA.
But if you're at this point and you're
still on the fence about it, if you're
on the fence about it, yeah, I I really
don't I don't know. I don't know what
else to tell you. I don't know what else
to tell you, but I only want decisive
people in here. So, jump in if you'd
like to. You got me to answer any
questions you have.
Let's keep cooking, dude. TA lib
requires the C library to be installed
first. What the hell? Are you for real?
I'm going to keep tinkering today, but
I'm going to cut this off because it
takes forever to have it um process. 777
to you. You have the link moon.com/go if
you want to join the lifetime
all access to everything. Otherwise, I
hope you have a beautiful day. Sorry for
going over today. I think I went an hour
over today. Uh, my bad. Much love to you
guys. 777.
I'm going try to keep it at three hours.
Go ahead and uh check your emails, check
your Discords, check your Twitters. If
you want to come to the next one, I'll
probably be here tomorrow morning. Let's
be honest. Let's be honest, dude. I'll
probably go to bed about 8:30 and wake
up about 4:30, 5, and be kind of itching
to get here. And then it's going to be
time to get on. And I'm just going to
sit there for 10 minutes. Make sure that
I could just stall you out, get the
people who aren't actually locked in.
I'll just sit at the computer and just
see who's actually locked and then start
at like 910. Let's be honest. Peace.
Peace, bro. Much love to you. 777. I
believe in you. Get it, dude. Get it.